all right up next is Adam with oh my
now okay here's one thing you guys turn
off your phones I'm leaving my phone on
because if I have to leave in my phone
rings uh my wife could go into labor at
any point in time as of now so just
letting you know that and the name of my
talk is uh being gangster on your Wi-Fi
how to cheat on your Wi-Fi to help your
neighbor out so that's a key point that
we're helping someone out and we're not
doing this on something that you were
do a little bit about me my name's Adam
I go by twizler I'm a Senior Systems
whatever I got a degree in some stuff
uh nothing new on these slides or really
anything new Under The Sun It's all been
done before but at the same time I just
want to educate the people that might
not know about what some of this stuff
is and a lot of this don't hate me it's
kind of scrip Kitty and so I'm going to
talk in depth about uh this other
page which is a warning uh educational
research purposes only I'm not
responsible for misuse failure to follow
the laws in your country State BL blah
activities Direct related to the
material are uh solely your
responsibility don't be D again the
first person that was ever charged with
a Wi-Fi cyber related crime was Albert
Gonzalez the soupnazi he did the TJX
Corporation credit card scheming hack if
he's spending 20 in the pr so don't do
this unless you're
opiz so some of the stuff we're going to
talk about Wi-Fi is everywhere we
obviously know it's everywhere it's in
everything but some of the things that
we don't know about are the little
default items that are stuck in your
routers for WPS so let's go over some
cool Hardware that I use to do some of
this testing one of these is a Canna
this one does about 15 DVI if you stick
one of these a defon out your window or
if you live in a big city and you you're
in New York or something like that we
got Wi-Fi routers there's about seven of
them up here anybody that has sh West
this is your one that's default from
sure West if you might utilize that
service fair
warning and here's a little can little
one this is a omnidirectional that's
pretty good and then I would recommend
if you're using Cali
guy this right here is an alpha card
it's a USB card it's probably one of the
best ones for backtracks but I wouldn't
recommend it anymore and thanks to one
of our members in here whom I know will
not go to too much detail Mr Jo uh what
we want to use is a TP Link High Gain
and this is what I use to do all the
penetration testing so I would recommend
not that I have any affiliation with TP
Link but this one will work with C
Straight Out of the back for doing the
the various fun that we're helping
people out doing because we own it uh
what's the deal so I'm going to talk
about how to do WPA2 WPA
WPS the thing about these hacks are hey
we can do these hacks able to run but
WPS cracking it'll take about 8 hours on
a core 7 processor this is going to take
some time and then you're brute forcing
on the WPA stuff so it's as good as your
dictionary but most people aren't going
to be really having the cryptic stuff
some of the members in our room that's
different story so what do you need some
of the tools that we're going to talk
about Airman NG we're not going to go
very much detail on that we fit this is
a AP finder cracker does WPS search
Wi-Fi honey it's an honorable mention
one of the cool ones is Reaver if
anybody saw some movie that might ring a
bell and then there's bur Wi-Fi cracker
and prit I want to start going fast
because I don't have that much time so
I'm going to talk like we're an auction
give me $1 okay so airon what does it do
it enables monitor mode packet capture
dumping handshake captures that kind of
stuff it's not that cool Beacon frames
probes authentications associations
let's get to the good stuff so WPS what
was it it was for a Wi-Fi protected
setup and it was basically used for
getting your printer for getting it on
the Wi-Fi now as of the Wiki page that I
just read in 2014 some networks using
the standard could fail for RO Force
attacks even Wikipedia has it out now so
WPS once again is for Grandma to get on
the router so Grandma we love you but
love we can't do this at home so
basically what it is is you're pushing
two buttons right here the after you do
the two button push
over here it kind of works like
Bluetooth and then you can get on your
Wi-Fi let's get to the
races so let's say that this is your
stuff and uh you have some lady that
lives in your building and you're in a
skyrise and she forgot her WPA password
it's over the holidays and AC Network
company install it in her atct so you're
helping her out and this lady why do I
have her on here this is hii Lamar she
Spectrum frequency hopping she invented
it so she was also an actress and
mathematician in the 30s hopefully
someday my own daughter will be like
this lady because she's amazing so flap
for her because that's what we're using
to do this talk on um you're going to
need a Wi-Fi card that can perform from
misus mode bssid basic service
identifier some of this stuff but we'll
we'll go on so WPS hacking basically
what it is is reer and this guy named
Craig Hefner he was the genius behind
this and there was another Swedish guy
that figured it out so when you're doing
the WPS hack there's the first little
four nit number and the second and
there's 11,000 possibilities that happen
but what it does is it actually sends it
the first four and then the second four
so it doesn't do all the numbers at once
it does a chunk and then another chunk
so basically you're getting owned and
Reaver came from the movie Serenity if
anybody watching Firefly you know the
reavers people eers well this is the
Wi-Fi eater and so what is it
doing it's basically well before you do
any of this you want to change your Mac
not that you're going to do this on
anything you don't know and you use
airon NG and you use this reav tool you
go into the monitor interface your BSS
ID cuz you're helping the lady out it's
upstairs and it's going to look
something like this and you're going to
do reer the interface the BSS ID the mac
and then you're going to start sending
some Beacon
frames and after you send these Beacon
frames it'll start not Beacon frames
just packages but anyways it'll start
trying numbers and then it'll receive
the numbers and it's going to be four
four and in about 7 hours you're going
to crack it all of the different routers
that I had here every one of them was po
I was able to get every one of them and
if you start looking and using Reaver
and some of these other ones to go out
and look for networks that have WPS
enabled well in my home network just
looking around what was around my house
there were 55 different items that were
available to do
this so this is the command line way and
then you go go and there's WPS and it
keeps trying it gets to 90% and that was
one of the ones that I own cuz it took 7
hours so I did it on my own stuff um
please note that the WPS Reaper attack
takes a long time and Mac filtering so
you're saying well it doesn't matter
because you know I'm going to have mac
filtering and some other stuff
somebody's trying to do this they're not
going to get to me as long as you can
see that the Roku box or something else
is out there you can start capturing
handshakes and doing some other things
like that and you'll see their Mac
address and so then they're getting
owned as well so this is a pretty good
one now I'm going to talk a little bit
more about some wash and stuff but then
we're going to go into what's scary
about this so using the wash command you
can do some fun stuff like seeing what's
out there and it's all default in Cali
it's all installed for you another good
one when you're trying to help someone
out with Wi-Fi because this is stuff
that you're using to help someone not
that you're doing something nefarious
and you all own this stuff is Wei and
basically this is one that you use to
roof course through a dictionary attack
and this is so easy that you just do it
on the command line type in this little
Command right here and it'll start
spitting out
information about what access points
have WPA WPS enabled and so now we're
going to try to do something with some
WPA hacking so you've got this nice long
cryptic password and we've got something
out there called attack net GE set casc
so that was one of the routers and they
have WPS and they have a Prett crypting
password and remember this is only a
good as your dictionary file so get
going to start using some Pearl scripts
if anybody writes Pearl or python or
whatever you want and get some badass
dictionary
files and you can start popping boxes in
about 35 minutes I had a nice long
password with set KC long password and
it just does it for you there's no
intervention from you you don't have to
be very smart so start worrying about
the neighbor kid across the street
that's uh been playing his bedroom too
much his parents put in some kind of
router that made it so they couldn't get
on bad sites on his own network so now
he's going out to yours uh and as a
bonus the we fit it also does WPS
hacking for you so it can do the pin as
well so this is just a default one
that's uh we fit I like it I recommend
it but now for the grand finale there's
this and I love this I even put the
heart at the top because this one's F
Wi-Fi cracker and it's kind of a newer
one in Cali it's been around but
basically you don't have to know any of
your Aon NG stuff now let me repeat that
you should know how to do Aon you should
know how to do all of this but this does
it for you and this is so that the
script Kitty down the street just puts
in the interface that's active so one of
the Wi-Fi cards I showed you you just
pick the drop down box they'll say yeah
I'm here let's start doing some hacking
then it'll tell you if you have weap
enabled WPA enabled or
WPS it it's going to do some damage it's
written in Python a little QT four and
it's really for a backend on the SED
tools of aont and G if familiar with
those but you get a nice display page it
looks like this there's my attack linkis
like negative
soldier man down we got contact anyway
so we got an essid we got a bssid and
we're going to do a regular attack and
it's going to go through my dictionary
that I chose over here and this is
literally your mouse click click like
Grandma who was here earlier in the page
could do this and you're going to start
popping boxes pretty fast through your
routers and then you can go do SM
various stuff and here in the end this
one was 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 just for
demonstration purposes but you get the
idea it's it's that simple we're not
talking something that's very hard that
the average Joe is not going to be able
to do if you live in an apartment
complex start worrying that the computer
guy that's kind of does it on the side
down the street is now trying to get
into your access
points so where's the action kicking at
Old School you had to do all this stuff
and no Reaper commands you had to do the
wash commands you had to wait all this
time and hopefully you didn't get out of
your bass shell and things like that and
then you had to do some things like
AirPlay and G and redo all of this now
with for Wi-Fi cracker it it's all
automated you've done nothing you just
open it up and it's over game over so
conclusion this is kind of where it's at
what it's gotten to it's a whole lot
easier and again don't do this unless
you own the device or the item so once
again remember the AKA Su Nazi who doing
20 in the pin a little F Wi-Fi cracker
we' got we fit Reaver and with those
three items you'd be surprised because
how many people are at home that they
have a little 10-year-old kid that wants
to get on his brother's iPad they're
going to play their farm games or
whatever in Farmville or Facebook and
the p
I don't know entry point1 121 it's
usually one Alan
americ uh T letter thing so uh I'd say
try a lot of Chiefs and different
variances of NFL teams with four numbers
after it be amazing not that I
know thank you very much and I
appreciate it you guys have a great
night