into doing one threat Intel in the last
50 years I always read a lot of blogs
saying
Oh threat actor if you don't I can
ignore it that's you know once you get
that level it doesn't matter unless
you're law enforcement man that's a bit
of it so we'll see
so I graduate from the EBA and 2011 go
Hawks
I've been a network security engineer
for our vest since then most on building
the sim doing perimeter defenses stuff
like that a lot of computers really
start diving into maturing our threat
Intel program to beat that sim as well
as be distributed decisions around our
environment so we're talking about a few
things to kind of lay the stage for why
this isn't that hard of it thing to do
so what is the threat landscape look
like today how can you do it internally
and how do we build these profiles and
then how do we get more efficient at
building them because from experience
you started it crashes the interns and
it's real power and you find better ways
to do so the current state of Intel is
has a lot of in some people say here a
lot of fun in the news but these are
actually some numbers that were pulled
together by a resurgence people say that
you know Cecil say they get too much
data there people can't do anything with
it they need a hire a certified person
that only does threat Intel we all know
that's kind of BS the stuff that they
get they don't really turn that into any
family which kind of sits in a database
although we get all these feeds we don't
really do anything with them but if you
don't do anything with them nothing you
can't find the trend you can't find
patterns I can't figure out who's really
trying to attack you so and then some of
these numbers that at the bottom that
really kind of drove home for me trying
to build our song and stuff like that is
socks aren't using data they're just
kind of flying blind
from their Intel so this is kind of the
model of using Intel that I like to turn
that I got taught to me that I like to
try and reach back out
there's pro long run and fly fly is
nobody ever actually gets there it's
perfect all you're really worried about
is budgets and dude than cheaper
crawling is kind of where a lot of
people actually are that from the
numbers that we saw before you're
pulling in maybe a thumb feed through
yeah you're sitting that your sim maybe
you're putting in your firewall but you
haven't I'm the false positives and you
don't know why and you don't know what
any of it actually is you get to walking
and you can search start small kind of
build your way up you can't you know
quality over quantity people say oh I
got all these speeds I've got tons of
feeds from all over the place button to
start scrutinizing and looking for
positive rent shows three out the ones
that are noisy and aren't actually doing
anything and it could be that there may
be just six months behind that some of
these bad IDs are still got a piece but
maybe they're doing malware this today
maybe tomorrow they're doing mission
maybe the next thing they're doing her
iPod so we don't really know you have
until you start tracking them over time
you need to really prioritize your Intel
needs a financial company versus a
higher education is totally different
education or totally different Intel
needs we're going to have different
questions you need to answer to your
upper management most kind of where
we're starting at now I'm really working
on
Doniak into the business asking our CFO
hey what what do you look at you up what
can we do to help and then the big part
and a lot of people will say that how
you really grow they're starting to
share that data with other people that's
where you get in told that you have
stupid data it is if you give it to
someone else and they try to stick in
their sim they don't watch got tons of
positives
and then really moving beyond ILCs
Iowa seas are great but if you can start
contributing those to maybe a family of
malware or something that a hosting
provider of a factor that all he does is
buy infrastructure and sell it back now
to the bad guys you're making progress
in identifying trends and then lastly
you should be pumping that Intel of what
you find out beyond the IOC to provide
context back to your stock so that they
are finding more than blind this is what
they call a pyramid of paint as you make
your way up things get harder
well there's one missing and that's
actually actors and that's kind of for
reason everybody always said these were
hard to do everybody said unless you're
law enforcement you don't need to go
after bad people you don't need to know
who's actually at a community but the
actual importance is context for your
handles you can track the changes in
behavior you don't have to actually have
their actual name to be able to
attribute it to a person you see the
same person attacking you over and over
and over again and you see the same
thing over and over again you could
probably say it might be attributed in
the same person that at least you can
label that you know the profile label it
and provide to your song so that the
next time the next time they see that
they're not even blocking something for
the hell of it they're not chasing the
tail looking for something they are
actually chasing the person it kind of
gives them more Drive and I've actually
seen that in our own analysts as we've
built some of these profiles for
different things they have more Drive to
hunt down this person maybe we can see
if it changed you can see trends and
what they're doing we can also see if
they've changed behavior maybe we have a
hosting provider that is selling
infrastructure to an exploit it but
tomorrow leads and now selling machines
B is for a c2 for ransomware that's a
fairly significant change and you might
you would see that in your environment
that's totally different way so unless
you actually track and know
this person and how they're actually
doing what they do then you have no way
until you get someone with ransomware or
you see get up beat with C tooling you
don't know anything about them you don't
know what they came from this is not a
way to be proactive we always talk about
when we're talking about building our
Intel which is up in management we're
trying get that half step on the
attacker see how we might find out the
day of that these people use the c2 but
if we can find out six months earlier
that they bought this infrastructure and
they've been sitting on it that's a lot
it's a lot better after attribution is
not hard if you start I'll see some work
to after yeah it's probably going to be
hard you start the other way around and
you look at what they might be trying to
do what and building TTP's and stuff you
can then find the IOC based on that and
that it's a lot easier but it's also
capable to start with the i/o seasons
whoa this is kind of one of the graphs
that I haven't tried to divide people
are kind of breakdown of how actor
profile really isn't that hard
you have your top couple and that kind
of gets you there your decision mostly
it doesn't financially driven unless
your government or a bigger company and
dealing with nation state most of us are
most of us zero that the financially
motivated problem we're guys that are
just trying to make a buck the next part
is their capability there's all
different levels but rules are these and
when domain how they buy their domains
we're they getting them from what type
of malware are they using all I found is
different stuff and then you have the
evidence that they left behind one
that's here's your beats I think you're
getting some your IOC taking how to
paint that big picture but then on your
side how can we how what opportunity
giving them are you giving them the
opportunity to enact that ransomware on
your machines so lining your
capabilities to your opportunities helps
you go to their upper management oh hey
we have these risk because these actors
are doing able to do these things and
until you can play this out for your
executives they're not gonna listen them
and they're going to
whatever but MSNBC puts out on the
Saturday morning news so how can they be
you the lie about a song that's one of
the big things is really driving some of
the new models of sock building I socks
really utilize the Intel and everything
they do this is kind of one of the
graphs that I've found that helps
explain that the best you have your
Intel feeds coming in that kind of fun
funnels in you that way you can get your
quality of your means based on like a
blocking but you also have based on you
have your own analyst hunting for things
you have your Intel team hunting for
things as well that's Intel as well you
you know get attacked every single day
their livestock show we have modern
hunting net that's a great sources of
Intel Singh who's scanning your firewall
on a daily basis are a huge tripping
your signatures on your IDs that's Intel
you should be pumping that back in your
own system with context of saying what
you saw
so the next time you see it it might be
different or it might be the same in
that way you can start that tracking of
that person may be probably the same
person doing things over and over again
or maybe a couple different IPS that
doing the same thing on a pattern that
you can now say hey this is it reveal
all this to one person the other side
the that graph is you know you take that
home store of the data building those
trends and patterns and then you're able
to predict where they might go we
predict ahead all the time more onboard
of whatever you think the tax might be
coming in the future and this some of
this type of stuff kind of helps you
give some that data so now that we know
maybe we should track actors what do we
do now who's one of the things we are
actually one of the perfuse cases for
buildings was a social media case
someone posting some fraudulent type
stuff about our company online on social
media we wanted to build a profile from
a Boston who said okay one bill okay
let's do it so
we thought that it could be big as we
started talking through and thinking of
all the things we could build profiles
more based on all the Intel we receive
that's not IOC poor it really started
painting and we decided to build a buek
core metrics phishing scam target your
brand a lot of the times we've seen by
tracking the same person and building
additional sites where are accompanying
it's we can tell them that that's the
same person doing it over and over again
whether they change their who is whether
they change whether they're hosting it
how they're doing it how they're sending
it up Internet the holidays a lot of us
and saying hey that's the same person
and they want us to get it taken down
quicker quicker in each time then you
gotta attack targeted attacks against
your environment it's the stuff that is
not normal the normal day-to-day stuff
and maybe a targeted phishing scam a BDC
scam as we saw in the open-source Intel
social earlier some of that stuff that
might say hey we need to start tracking
this a little bit deeper and then just
industry observe trend so being whatever
industry you're in they're seeing next
attacks all the time maybe we should
start tracking some of these actors and
building and try to get ahead of these
things where they may make their money
and then physical trends we all have our
locations that we operate out of
invisible threats in those locations not
weren't an actual threat I have to
profile makes it easier if you do be the
handsome hope to law enforcement you can
and have a little paper that you say
this is what we know about the person
already this is what they've done to our
company and here's what we think might
be
probably build one this is kind of what
I was the first time I went to Milton
one you had to sit down with word and
start typing in information what should
I do if they're doing a little research
we already had a pretty tall client at
the time so it was kind of familiar with
the term of sticks and taxi sixes
understand you're coming more of a
standard at war threat Intel and I found
a few poor metrics that they really
wanted to capture about a person it
really helped me figure out what I
should be gathering you got the title
meant to really be anything it doesn't
have to be the person who's really named
I've seen companies new the herpe model
you need just picked every new attacker
you go down the letters outfit pick a
name that allows you to at least be able
to call them something and then tribute
ability something you can do many
aliases that you find for the person if
you're dealing with someone that you
find on the dark web or social media
layout all are different identities
maybe email addresses for ICU or
different things like that
what type of attack tomorrow they are
they have to read through your company
or they find where a guy are they a
ransomware guy what what made you start
tracking them and then it gets into the
motivation their sophistication and the
confidence and then where you diner in
itself so that way people going back
lieutenant notes where you got your net
something maybe they can make it better
in the future so let's build our inertia
profile first few that we did we did it
learn to compare to those PDFs Lonnie
shooting of those executives some people
who might need to be doing things with
them
we kept our SharePoint site and then we
kind of kept the dependents with all the
additional details that our team would
like but maybe the exactly that's really
didn't need and help and then we briefed
our demo site management any time we
built into these so that way our
engineering group maybe our seeso knew
what couple attacks and what type of
got hard after a few nobody knew where
they were
nobody knew to remember which from act
Rhodes did what you can't search amongst
them very easily kind of open them up
and agreed on then it's difficult share
with others uh you can't unless they
have accidents in action or points I'd
already told sites are pretty locked
down to our team so it's kind of hard to
difficult the share but this is not a
then I'm not a advocate for the 500 but
here's one of the pockets will be used
we had a five I was like well let's
start store these in there it's built
around snicks most of the current ones
out there even the open source ones are
built around steps and taxes so you can
build them there so that kind of gave us
a place where more people have rights to
get in we can send them out a lot easier
and it just going to give that central
repository and you can search and you
can actually in tribute your il sees
that you're seeing to those actors or
those TTP's that you are tracking about
the actor a lot lot later than it'll
work on it also allowed us to be
consistent you can build templates in
these or how you're filling out
information about the actors that way
the new analyst comes on they don't know
how to write one you can capture the
same information every single time and
that has really helped us a lot the loop
as our team's grown more and more people
involved here's another part of the
consistency asks the same questions
beyond your stare opens the open text
field asks a lot of questions every
single time so that allows it allows for
that consistency
I was alluded to earlier it also allows
you to correlate it with your other data
you can call your beads come in and you
can say well these beads we know along
to this guy these ideas these domains
these email addresses all belong to the
sky we can attribute that to him any
signatures we've written to block him we
can add those in there and attribute we
can attribute any TTP's that we know
about this person directly here now if
we see new people starting to do the
same thing
maybe they were working together maybe
they're competing maybe it's just
another demonstrator and maybe this
guy's changing into somebody else
it also makes it very easy to share
those these problems are built for
sharing you can usually let them connect
to you over two sticks and taxi and grab
that information as well it also makes
it easy to export internally and gets an
executive very quickly it also allows
you to drive listen to other people
those are here's a recap you know thirty
until is not Eagle on spring well today
most people think about threatened just
those ICS they receive they don't really
know beyond that what to do with it
you know think a little bit deeper out
of the box maybe how we can start
grouping these and start using these a
little bit better we can also make our
software smarter and not harder you know
the line we can give them the tools to
hunt and make them one to go after
people if you give them an actual person
to tap it though after versus my feet
they're more likely to find more data
for you and then just keeping them on P
also you know as you grow your
environment please continue to share it
helps our whole community as we share
and see things Donna how many times that
seed but in the in the news someone
stand up don't know that's not what
happened this is what happened and
that's this is how we all get better and
I appreciate time any questions
[Applause]
okay a question for you you said you've
used a couple of thread tracking systems
at work can you go over some of those
that used and have you had a gin is
there any good of open-source tracking
systems out there that yeah so so we use
that there's someone out there that's
open source that we had started with
ultra that was the pretty one that was
kind of sponsored to have it on the
whole six and taxied movement we moved
into with some troubles that we moved
into a paid model and moved into
actually at the threat stream platform
but there's a free one that they have
sponsored once soldier died there's
those stacks which the guys who support
all of this as well then also ones like
Yeti commitment that myth myth yep as
for tracking specifically malware
related is a miss that's great
trying to get some of that and all being
moved into other tools is apart but
there's some of those multi knows one
for specifically around people on those
in grabbing helps a lot but but
threatening total platform like Yeti is
I got a woo I got a question it's not
really for you it's for everybody else
in the room because I'm just kind of
curious what other organizations that
they're trying to do threaten actor
attribution like outside of law
enforcement and you know government
folks who is who is actually trying to
categorize threat actors as individuals
as a part of their soccer security
operations and it's going to like look
at the and see you else is doing this so
I'm kind of curious does this mesh with
what everybody else is seeing their
environments like how how is it
different than what you're what you're
so the problem that we see is when one
person is using paid service and
everyone's not that's where information
sharing dies and so we've paid we used
to pay for earth there with anomaly but
the thing that we strive to is to use
open source is that's the easiest way
how we build in our model it actually
sits we have a perimeter miss and we
have an internal Miss we've just met
maybe we can share keys my UUID we can
start sharing information on my
perimeter miss I can validate where
you're getting your information from
at the same time if you could be good
Intel you could bring it into my in
terminus so our interim internal Miss
has capability of automatically talking
to the IPS IDs they can build signatures
we can fully automated all a lot of that
stuff and that's the big problem
everyone that has these like platforms
that store all this information you got
to do something with it it's not
actionable it's terrible I mean I like
like hey you want 10 gigs of data let me
send that over to your instance and then
you keep it and then I'll just delete
mine and I like think man get that ADA
back from you but I lost mine yeah it's
almost like if you really wanted to
store all your mp3s just like right into
some like codecs and just ship it into
somebody else's like for the
intelligence part but so where where I
see this is like I really would hope
everyone would start using this where
we're really trying to push a lot of big
players if you're is the insert it in
sharing information come talk to me we
do a lot of that with other third party
it's government's whoever we're just
trying to get everyone to one platform
it's open source and we're all working
together ansible whatever you want to
use docker bare metal machines
Google black worm Amazon we're trying to