he is
fromc everybody knows Joel say what up
Joel up Joel all right Joel's going to
talk about sticks taxi something I
guess all right Joel you got 15 all
righty
so standard disclaimer uh do not taunt
happy
funball
um so some the KE problems we run into
doing security and trying to defend our
users against you know the horrors of
the uh Multiverse is uh information
sharing so the only way we so far I've
seen that we can get accurate
information is through a subscription to
some type of research firm so and for
big corporations that's that's well and
good because you got you got cash to
throw so you you can pay a firm to do
your your research and give you the the
down low on the the horrible stuff
that's coming down the pipe but um as
far as like like individual small
business businesses individuals small
organizations school districts that kind
of stuff where you don't necessarily
have a lot of money to throw around you
know it'd be nice really to be able to
uh get good quality free threat
information also when you're part of a
large large organization where you have
multiple business units uh it would be a
great idea to be able to share thread
information between your various
business units so uh on that idea is
that um what a key problem that we run
into is that we're a day late dollar uh
thread information has a shelf Lun and
it's not very long you know it lasts for
about a day uh by the time you get um a
day old piece of thread information it's
probably useless um so that's kind of
the key problems that we have
uh another thing is that we don't want
to communicate with each other uh a key
problem is like for instance we have
this perceived uh legal obligation so uh
in business you know you have PCI yeah
so there's there's that big fuzzy thing
around PCI yet that that PCI says that
you can and can't do certain things and
so you're always questioning you know
well what does PCI have to say about
that and then you talk to your auditor
and the auditor well it depends on the
auditor you get um so you have that big
kind of moral quandry there or you know
is it so is it kosher um and then you
know then you have the if we share this
thread information
are our competitors going to get the
drop on us for somehow or something like
that uh or if we admit this are we
opening ourselves up to litigation you
got a bunch of that stuff floating
around and it really kind of causes
problems it clogs up the flow of
information because when one
organization gets hit with you know some
of the crap uh then it' be nice to get a
heads up from you
know heads up to the rest of the
community and getting heads up from the
rest of the community uh telling you
that this is going on and this is what
um then you have the problem of so if
we're in the mood of if we're in the
mood to communicate with you know
business partners and you know the
public at large um well how do we do
that then you get into we get this
information somebody sent us an email or
a news article and so how do we
translate that into uh a snort IDs
signature or how do we get that into the
CIS Cisco intrusion prevention system or
Brand X intrusion syst you that kind
um there isn't really a common lingo uh
out there I mean you get an email you
get a link or something like that and
it's kind of
hard um and then once again it's time
sensing so how do you get this
information from point A to point B
quick and accurately and in a way that
you know people can understand and work
with um so literally
so one of the solutions that's come out
there and there's a lot of solutions out
there these are just a few and these are
Open Standards so you got U sidebox
which is the Cyber observable expression
uh which is kind of the formatting of
uh of the actual thread information and
then
um sticks which is an exile format put
it all in and then taxi which is a
methodology of of sharing that so if you
know what RSS is RSS feed you get news
feed off a website uh that's a means of
aggregating news to different websites
in a fairly quick automated fashion
that's what taxi is so you go through
and you build your uh threat object uh
with threat actors that kind of stuff
and then you publish it just like you
would in RSS so that's the beauty of
Taxi and so anybody and everybody can
use this and then uh recently a is
taking over this open standard and is
pushing forth a new version of it that
should be a lot easier to use so that's
kind
of overview of one of one of many ways
to share information so sticks contains
uh a bunch of different you know very
nicely colored icons that describe
different parts of the threat you have
the threat actor which is the actual
potential bad guy now very r rely do we
have uh an actual name to face you know
you can't really get an attribution on
the Internet it's it's really hard uh
but you can generalize So based off of
the location of the IP addresses based
off of uh all the information that
you're able to gather about this person
you can come to a certain amount of
conclusions and so there's been a number
of authors that have uh proposed ways of
naming conventions so that we can say um
let's see here panda is uh for China so
uh certain types of Chinese attacks will
be uh for instance against governments
sometimes they'll be against uh Commerce
or something like that and so they'll be
given Whimsical names such as uh uh
cranky Panda or something like that and
so you'll have these generic uh threat
actor definitions that you can attribute
to that while you're still researching
put exploit targets that's what they're
shooting for that's what they're
targeting uh course of action is uh how
they propose you should remedy the
situation uh an incident describes an
actual attack uh an indicator
contains multiple observables so an
observable would be an IP address an
email uh a DNS name something like that
that you be able to identify the
potential attacker the attack
by um TTP is the type of attack uh and
then campaign is that if you have a
thread actor that's been doing a lot of
this over time uh then you can take a
look at thread actor and say well we've
been able to attribute it to these set
of IP addresses uh this set of attacks
has come from here so we have several
different campaigns that we can
attribute to this
thre an example of this would be from
the Ron so we have this uh brat problem
and constantly getting up on your back
and beating you and so we've attributed
to the threat actor as brat um so the
incident that they mention specifically
is that a brat like that on your back
then their TTP is Ault and battery
indicator a surprise physical attack and
observable is targeting blind spot in
tet back and observable size n cowboy
boots um the target was unsuspecting
punks
and then course of action which is app F
times so there's some open tools out
there and how to properly uh that will
make use of uh uh transmitting and
receiving information from sticks and
taxi um Soul Tru uh open source project
and then you can get open source uh
threat feeds from hax.com
um Ultra Edge is a virtual machine that
and Halo taxi is you can just get your
your threat feed from there so there's
multiple threat feeds that they
Prov Vault has a service called threat
exchange the idea is that uh it's a web
site and then you can set up an account
there uh and then you can create uh your
uh threat objects based off of Articles
and observables and that kind of stuff
and then it allows you to share it out
kind of like you would a Blog
um so it's different from sticks
although it makes it uh can contain
information from sticks so the nice
thing about it is it has a really nice
web interface where you're able to build
uh threat objects pretty easily just by
putting in an article and it scans the
article for for uh uh file signatures
and IP addresses and DS stuff and then
you can build it pretty
easily um then you can make use of it
using some of their developer tools and
and then also uh they have some uh
scripts that you can run that can
or um potentially some of the ways you
can uh export this information you can
dump it into uh osm which is the open
source uh security information manager C
A rules bro IDs rules a taxi feed like I
mentioned
earlier and so you can get an API key
once you create an account there and
that uh you can also find more
information about threat intelligence uh
tools at this G Hub address uh for H
slat uh it contains information about
tools and Frameworks that you can use
and some reference
materials um that's something that Cory
had given me so if you have any
questions we'll be able to help too um
common problems when you R uh run into
thread information especially Community
stuff is you have have uh problems with
loops where somebody so you have a feed
that references somebody else's feed
that references somebody else's and then
you start having feed loops and lots of
Replay problems so that's something to
keep in mind when you're trying to get
thread information you need to vent the
sources make sure it's
accurate and then things will help uh
Inspire communication is that you have a
CA log uh 2015 and has liability
protections for sharing thread
information between organizations so if
uh legal says I don't know about that
you can say well we're protected
undersiz um and then taxi allows for you
to transmit information between business
units privately so point to point so you
don't share something automatically to
the internet you can Target who it goes
to go Blue
Team all right um so problems we talked
about untimely communication uh of
threats uh lack of common terminology
and worry about liability and potential
Solutions
uh taxi otx and uh some of the new
automated tools
um so I'll open the floor up for
discussion
items any questions yeah so Booz Allen
and others have promoted this indicators
of compromise kind of thing the military
whatever group are that that would be
maybe a part of sticks or layer into
sticks or is a separate initiative are
they related I haven't I'm not familiar
I know that there's a couple different
uh thread analysis things like the uh
stoplight system I think one of them TP
um so there's a couple things like that
I know sultra uh includes some of those
things in addition to sticks and taxi so
uh that would be something to take a
look in there but I'm not familiar with
that there's open ioc be
another there's a lot but you know you
might want to talk about something that
um you so one thing that with Oasis
taking over we're looking at a format
you want to talk about that a bit Yeah
so anybody who's actually worked with
XML it is a
God I I mean let me tell you if
you want to change the format or
something like that or add in variables
it it it it is just Unforgiven uh Json
is a lot easier to use and potentially
you can dump it right into JavaScript
which means that you can have uh a lot
of browser side processing or
potentially use a lot of uh
um not server B solutions to be able to
aggregate that and view it and display
it and work with it so uh that's
definitely a good uh move on their part
I believe
um then working with false positives
from uh sources that's another issue um
so you have the social media uh vote up
or vote down kind of thing going on so
otx has that where you can subscribe to
a feed or un unsubscribed and so you can
kind of get an idea of what the quality
of the feed is based off that uh taxi
feeds I don't it just depends on the
who's doing that how you rate a feed or
something like that I haven't really
looked that far into it but right any
other questions are all the Fe are all
those feeds private um the feeds they
don't have to be private so you can have
uh you can Mark a threat as a public uh
code white it's a color code system uh
so white is public so free to give out
to anybody uh if you set it as yellow it
means uh just amongst the people I want
and then if you mark it as red it means
it only goes to the person who is meant
to be sent to so it gets into when you
have this sharing inside of an
organization you can flag it to only go
to the intended recipient uh or you can
flag it for General Distribution uh so
you have that ability to Mark something
and make kind of like a document
classification so something like that
other questions
what about the
CRA How how do you not turn this thing
into a water hose you're grounding
problem that is a real problem uh
biggest problem I've seen isn't really
identifying quality so much as dealing
with the quantity uh and you have a lot
of Open Source Solutions out there and
they're great but they just can't handle
the amount of traffic you're feeding uh
sultra if you open up the floodgates on
that it'll kill um I mean it'll it'll it
can dump into the databas but when you
try to do any type of filters or
transports or exports dies just because
they don't they don't know how to
program right so they just shove it all
into memory until it runs out of memory
and kills the
process all right everybody that's time