and good evening everybody house there
we go
my name is John stalker I am a principal
security consultant at 33 their sponsor
tonight but this talk has nothing to do
about that or in any way so this is
actually something that happened just
recently in an intern response that we
had and I thought was kind of
interesting
Tyla talk is did that just really happen
look at that fan so first and foremost
we are totally safe
right right we trust everybody we do
business with we trust everybody we do
transactions with we weren't going to
make the largest transaction transaction
of our adult life we're gonna trust
somebody with a gmail address or a
live.com account right all right so they
put together you know scenario we got an
Aunt May over here she's old
there were 70s she just cashed our
retirement couldn't buy a nice big house
she has Bob the realtor and Joe father
Elmer's assistant right and
unfortunately in the middle there is a
nice little hacker Dave so what happens
to set up Aunt May calls up her realtor
says I want to buy this nice new house
let's go make this happen so Bob sighs
called Joe is system based artist and
the emails back for in things ready to
go all right
she's ready to go she's got the money
she found the house she wanted let's
make this transaction happen to them Sir
taco title company because that's what
happens when you start these things
going so they start arranging the loan
they start talking to Todd copy all this
is happening female all this is
happening via free email accounts off
Gmail live enter into your interloper
who gets in between this communication
it starts impersonating one style story
in fact he does it so well he convinces
one or both sides to wire money to him
rather than the respective accounts how
the con is pretty simple the attacker
gets all the victims email account sits
in it for days maybe weeks reading
understanding trying to plot the process
of all these transactions under
understanding how that the flow of money
is going to happen when it's going to
happen at some point there's going to be
something that happens that's going to
trigger them to act maybe it's you know
closing day in release or some mention
of money changing hands and that's
maestra that's when they strike so
they're going to find a way to get
themselves in the middle and convince
either side that they've wanted
something lie to him not the adverse
effect of parties in a real estate
transaction this could be the buyer it
could also be the other side of it the
seller so we're going to try and
convince a tire company to release the
funds to the interloper not the actual
seller or we're gonna give this a buyer
to send the interloper the funds and not
the real person
wait what huh
let's go through this this is an actual
thing that happened if you read through
this this is an action title of an email
I got this was given to me as part of a
in' response if you look at that
it seems pretty legitimate right I mean
we've got our applied to an email that
we sent that just says can you get any
of you email me the buyers you know
before they debated a religion request
right except if you look up the top
there something's funny about that email
address it doesn't look right it took me
about a day and a half to figure out
that there's something wrong with this
after staring at it what you'll notice
there is at the end of job title guy
there's a lot of email address what I
found out is that PRC for email allows
you to put those brackets are the pair's
in a lesson inside the display name so
you can craft what looks like a
legitimate envelope address inside the
display name of an email and send it off
and most email clients will think of it
as as that first email address coming
from and not the reply to so that was
one thing that kind of struck me as odd
but then the request just cannot - why
would the teller guy know the buyers
email address what happened next was
kind of funny the the assistant replies
back with well the buyer doesn't have
this is important in our chain of events
because I don't think the person who is
impersonating the Tyler guy at this
point expected this response because as
part of their con they're gonna reach
out and try to contact the fire directly
that's part of the game but now we've
cut him off the knees saying hey she
just have email she can't respond to you
so this isn't in the script
wait what are we doing tonight fires
back notice the tone has changed now
we're now demanding stuff we were
requiring her wired the closing funds
prior to closing well of course she
would wire closing funds prior to
closing that's why they're closing funds
and if you noticed English is now broken
up it sounds as if we're like speaking
intelligible
the attackers have broken character and
now getting aggressive they've gone off
script they don't know what's going on
they're trying to assert control over
the situation in a regain what they've
lost
[Music]
and if you notice here - we now jump in
time well let me go back a minute
remember we're on the 25th of January
here how do I go back to the 24th in our
plot this took me another day and a half
to figure out what I was looking at
because how can we have a threaded
conversation that now ping pongs back
between two days but both outlook Gmail
and alikom have threaded it correctly
but has shown us that we're moving
forward and backwards in a day and in
the end we have our assistant being the
dutiful person who is saying hey don't
worry we got it just for us all the
information we need and we'll make sure
she takes care of it he's doing he's
only needful right he's helping out he's
person saying hey what just kids what we
need
and so our interloper now sends over no
notes again email address village kind
of funky and the dates can off but um
say hey we sent the attached wire
instructions just follow them and
everything's okay so here's what you
said and he knows he's got the awesome
power company logo there if you notice
he it killed him it looks kind of weird
now I know I sanitized this for the
group tonight but rest assured that the
name in front of that account name was
actually somebody's real name sad thing
is as this went out to the buyer and she
took this and she dutifully follow the
directions she went down to Wells
Fargo's she filled out a wire request
wire four million dollars off to some
foreign person because she thought she
was doing the needful she thought she
was doing exactly what she was asked to
do by this person who appeared to be
from the title company because if we go
back that email address when it showed
in her inbox or in a box of a realtor
not legitimate so here's a sequence of
events now I notice that we flip-flopped
back and forth what happened and what I
realized was that the attacker was
actually in a different time zone and so
when the two mailing systems were trying
to reconcile what time that was
they threaded the information they
threaded the conversation in
chronological order but they kept the
time as it was displayed so while I was
doing the right thing by keeping
everything in chronological order it was
displaying to me what time would be
displayed on the attacker side so I was
able to take a piece of information I
knew which was the one the email that
start the whole thread and everything
else from that that it was forwarded to
me and work backwards to figure out
exactly where this attacker lived and
what was actually going on and create
this timeline of how these emails
actually went through which which helped
in our investigation in understanding
what exactly was going on here because
when I was brought to this incident we
were given this idea that there was an
email sent out and we'd never sent it
but it claims to be from us so we need
to make sure that were not involved
by changing the display name of the
email email envelope - some of them look
like a legitimate address the attacker
was able to fool most of the online
web-based email succumbing to displaying
the email address they wanted it to see
so I wouldn't get too attached over the
far side you see there's Gmail it
actually won't let you do this through
the web interface but if you connect it
through mail on your Mac totally fine so
the top on there is a test that I took
where I just sent myself email with that
aforementioned messed up this plain
string and there's what looks like
notice again we get that same weird
artifact at the end of a work we're
seeing the actually Miller's the
internet but most people's eyes are only
focused on what's involved they don't
understand what's coming and for what
name they ignore it so let's look at the
next one this is a lucam
notice that looked our competency will
show you the real aim address they mask
it if this email were to show an
outlook.com you would look Jumman think
it came from me but actually came from a
spoof address so this is what the
attacker used to to get the boobs on and
to claim as if they are part of this
conversation that they earned that part
out so what happened further than this
after the woman who wired her money and
a man lost develop the attacker actually
have about four or five Google's ready
at different ATM locations around
Houston to withdraw all the money and
unfortunately they only got away with
about 2,000 bucks before it'd be of a
kind of caught them and shut them down
but it wasn't because of this it was
form that they violated the Superman
principle look you can't be at four
different ATMs at one time withdrawing a
large amount of cash before the bank's
paycheck that
so it was interesting to note during
this whole process said we had to
backtrack through all these emails and
figure out that it was just a simple
display preference that was able to
convince these people the conversation
they're having was actually with a
person that they were already having
already having a trust relationship with
rather than the interloper and really it
comes down to in this case alikom and
their choice to pull a mask to reply to
address and give you what was in the
nothing what's that oh sorry go for it
Oh
full of burnback well I'm sorry how do
they know that it was closing and to
send that email or do they just send it
off randomly in hopes that there
happened to be a title closely so in
this case the attacker actually had
control over the victims email so what
we found out in the in most these cases
with real terms in particular the
attackers are choosing people who are
using free email services not using 2fa
so they're not using two-factor
authentication these accounts get
cracked easily they sit they watch and
they're very adept at what our processes
are in American financial system of
these high-value transactions I mean it
could be in this cases buying a home
they can easily be buying or trading
stocks whatever it may be if they are
keyed in to wait and just be quiet until
that situation arrives in this case what
spurred it was a request from Tyler
company to move up the closing date and
in the real situation lady had some
personal matters to attend to she had to
bump up the closing date to a specific
time once that email went out it
triggered the actor to be an act within
the day to escalate the situation and to
get his con in order if it wasn't for
the audible of the buyer not ever having
an email it down we thought would never
caught this because he would have gone
straight to her and we would never heard
anybody else did they have cyber
insurance no they did not
unfortunately although I don't think it
does she live with me now no
unfortunately I don't actually know the
woman I never met her and we were
brought in from an outside third party
to investigate to see what actually
happened and to make sense of all this
because when I got probably in all I had
it was a string of emails and an
accusation on one side or the other that
somebody had just stolen their quarter