thanks DJ hey before I get a good before
i get started i got some things are you
talking about first of all i am
currently getting over pneumonia and so
I'm not feeling very well ah and so
first of all no alcohol please I am on
medication and and it's a no and so
that's actually what I want to say is
that I don't have any alcohol in me and
so then you know a funny slide might not
be so funny if I'm not drunk when I'm
giving the presentation so I apologize
secondly I do want it I do want to say
ask some real quick questions first
there's any how many people here have a
fingerprint sensor on their on their
cell phone Oh awesome okay got a couple
more questions for you how many people
in the audience are law enforcement okay
so so I got I got two liars again that's
that's great okay second question how
many people in the audience are
criminals raise your hand the same one
there
okay we got hey on other law enforcement
guy over here there's criminals over
there okay third question how many
people in the audience are law
enforcement but prefer not to say it
raise your hand okay God got lots more
of those okay so thanks and what I want
to talk to you about today is really the
laws about your your fingerprint sensor
on your cell phone right and before I
get started I do want you to know that
the first of all I am NOT a lawyer okay
so I want you to understand that that
going through this conversation make
sure you realize where you're getting
this information from additionally i am
not a cop okay so you know if I do make
statements about a police officer were
to you all say this on the end your
rights are there once again I'm not a
police officer either so please please
please make sure you consider where
you're getting this information my name
is Bill I'm American okay I am an
American I'm an informed American and
occasionally I have one I've watched a
few videos on am I being detained and so
what I did to what I've determined from
that is that I am the world's most
leading expert in the laws as they
pertain the United States and that i
only have to roll my window down that
far when I'm speaking to a police
officer so once again really i just i
went through those slides just because I
do want you to consider where you're
getting this information from I did do a
lot of research I have done a lot of the
you know well sorry I already said that
I've already done a lot of research
around this but I do want you to
consider where you're getting this
information from and you know if you do
have any questions I would suggest that
you talk either with one of the people
that raised their hands as being a law
enforcement I would not suggest doing
that because I know who they are they're
not law enforcement or i would suggest
speaking to your attorney who's jurist
so really what I wanted what you know
the crux of this whole presentation
really stems around our 5th amendment
and I know that you guys know it by
heart and this is the 5th amendment but
quite honestly the most important part
I've bolded is that no nor shall you be
compelled in any criminal case to be
witness against himself okay and it's
really important and you know and
there's been a lot of funny jokes that
you know 1 2 3 4 5th you know about
whether or not you can what you should
do in and make sure that you don't
testify against yourself I want to tell
you a tale of two safes so while the
Fifth Amendment does prevent us from
testifying against your safe yourself
I'm sorry a defendant can be compelled
to produce material evidence that is
incriminating okay that's really
important it's really important that you
understand there's a big difference
there that you can be compelled to
reduce material that is incriminating so
a really good example is this tale of
two safes ok for example you know so you
know you guys have all watch cop shows
or whatever um fingerprints blood
samples voice samples handwriting
samples or other physical evidence can
be extracted from a defendant against
their will if it pertains to a case okay
Justice John Paul Stevens why was
talking about a safe when he said he may
in some cases be forced to surrender a
key to a strongbox containing
incriminating documents but I do not
believe that he can be compelled to
reveal the combination to his wall safe
and if that isn't important to you that
they need to step back and think about
what that means right so if I have two
safes and one of them is protected with
a key and one of them is protected with
combination I need to understand what
are the threats against that against
that same right you can consider how
we're protecting our data and who were
protecting that too against the Supreme
Court then strength in that position and
they stated while the key is a physical
thing and not protected by the Fifth
Amendment a combination as the
expression of the contents of an
individual's mind is okay so I want you
to stop and think about that the Supreme
important that excuse me I'm sorry the
Supreme Court has also solidified that
statement so as it pertains to our saves
in our houses criminals so we are very
lucky that no criminals came tonight but
criminals it's really time to switch out
your safes right so if you have a safe
that's protected by a key and you need
to keep law enforcement out you need to
have a have a combination safe but if
that being stated if you do have a
combination station be careful about
where you keep the combination if that
combination is stored on a piece of
paper or it has any other physical you
know manifestation of itself that could
also be compelled sir I'm not a lawyer
I'm just a informed American it's a
vulnerability right it's something that
you have that you cannot change you know
I've asserted a look for many times that
I don't I I really don't care for
biometrics as an authentication
mechanism in fact I've only turned over
my fingerprints once you know
rest you know for my whole life I've
been very protective of my fingerprints
it's seen as something that is proof
positive it's me if right so I've only
turned over my fingerprints once and
unfortunately you know that that
database has been lost right so so if
now there is a distinct puffs
possibility that my fingerprints could
be used in a crime that I that I didn't
commit and I have no way to prove that
it wasn't me because quite honestly you
know a fingerprint is almost positive
that it was me so I'm asserting that
your fingerprint is a vulnerability and
not a security measure just treated as
such as I was sourcing this this slide I
realized that down there this is not my
finger it really didn't matter which
which word I emphasized there it would
really change the meaning all right so I
could either say this is not my finger
or this is not my finger that really
changes that no but ok last slide yes so
I do want to add some other some other
implications that if your cell phone is
compromised you know through the use of
your of your fingerprint or otherwise
what could be led to do you know what
can be used otherwise from there you
know if my cell phone were to be
unlocked and to be accessed people might
have access to you know my password
saves my VPNs made my home network right
maybe my files that I've stored on
dropbox you know they may be able to log
into my computers you know so if you
were to access my password vault you
could have access to my different
computers you could have access to my
truecrypt or my very good as
earlier to decrypt my football
description drive right so so really
that's the end of my talk I do watch
really the purpose of day stock was just
to get you to consider some of the
security implications of using a
fingerprint reader on your cell phone
quite honestly for most people it's
perfectly okay right and quite honestly
for me it might be okay you really do
need to consider the threat is the
threat someone's stealing your phone
right or are you housing you know world
secrets on your phone that you need to
protect you know as much as you can and
consider the strength of that about
authentication mechanisms okay let's see
it my name is Bill surgeon and thanks
everybody