that'll make you think that will be a
little bit of a ride but more
importantly it's a reflection of what
it's like to be in infos set the last 3
to 5 years so there's going to be a lot
of words thrown around a lot of booze
and boo about things like
a so we're going to make a drinking game
about that if you hear the phrase
a yes you will have to take a drink
new think so
cyber you're going to see a lot of cyber
now this is a beta talk I have never
given this talk so there may be some who
here is a grar
Nati oh great Julie not here yeah
Julie's not here sound good Okay so
we've all been drafted in the Cyber
militia right who is this guy I am
literally some Joker from Alaska who
works for a small company actually
pretty mediumsized company Fortune 11
just got ranked up to 11 uh that
monitors threats and does intelligence
and ir and all sorts of fun stuff for a
lot of the state websites I a geek I've
been a geek ever since I was back home
and um you know I love fishing I used to
do a lot of fishing I used to be a
professional
fisherman I have had a mohawk before for
those of you who got to see that I found
one here that was me it was sweet I've
never been so scorned on a plane ride
before the people next to me would even
take my
photograph you're really freaked out I
am married to a very beautiful wife who
supports me in everything I do and this
is my life right now four kids before I
here six eyes what's that six eyes I
know isn't that
crazy so this is a personal talk has
nothing to do with my
employers okay don't tell them I'm
talking to you so as you're reading this
I want everyone to put on their tin foil
hats this is part of the swag so if
someone can help me hand out lots of tin
foil I want you guys to make tin foil
hats if someone would please make me one
it would be great I'd like to wear it
anything but I love this because I work
with somebody who
literally yeah this is this is what
inspired me some of the stuff in this
top okay so if you ever see this I don't
know what you're supposed to take to the
grocery store but you're going to get %
discount
that's do we get the boxes out okay make
sure you hand them out so I am not a
historian I'm not your lawyer I'm
definitely not a conspiracy theorist I'm
not your legal counsel the lawyer for
set cas's over here
right I not your financial planner I am
not a fud Monger okay now believe it or
not this is fud right here this little
thing that's for the ladies that want to
stand up and feed that's a female
urinary guys I I kind of laughed at that
that I I scrubed them out hoping I
thought Julie be here so I kind of just
threw that in for her but I do I did
like this because that dog wanted some
bud bacon who here loves
bacon yeah we got some hands up guess
what I have oh thank thank you thank
I have fud
bacon so that's the only mongering I
will do with with fud is for the bacon
so we may end up giving this out tonight
who somebody raise your hand in the back
go some f
bacon sitting it's it's ice cold cuz I
got some cold packs I plan ah head okay
so let get repacked up
here all right but no seriously we need
to make sure that we fight the F and any
of you who've been to a conference
fud is out there okay so this talk will
make fun with Bud oh sweet tell me it
works does it
work all right take a picture
so and I'm definitely not your hero okay
not your hero so many of us have grown
up in the digital world some of us way
prior okay worked in analog a long time
but the funny thing was cyber the word
cyber was born during many of our
lifetimes and the word cyber was first a
big deal from uh some books it was cyber
Punk okay but it really took notice in
1991 because of AOL and sex okay AOL
leave it to sex to drive everything got
any picks of that back in the day as
back in the day you would get on some
Forum or chat box and you'd say would
you like to
cyber and that was a turn
for okay so cyber the funny thing is
it's kind of coined off from there and
gone crazy so around 2000 this sweet
article came out and my favorite is this
guy right here Arnold
yinson and he consulted on this uh
wonderful article about how you could
send a specially crafted email that
would turn your computer into a bomb I
put this in
because s somebody's got to get a
picture of Cory with all the stim toil I
trying to get another
Bo
so um it's articles like this that
people actually
believe I mean I found a whole Forum
where people were debating this and
arguing with each other about how this
would happen and they seen it and I just
started laughing so I kind of uh you
know to train on that one but the bigger
problem we have is people believe that
because the internet was created
as arpa right and then DARPA and it was
for trusted people much same problem
with the event right that they're
trusting so it's all bult on security
you're supposed to trust who you're
sharing information with this thing
happened where Windows NT came out
everybody starts putting commercial
websites out there and voila we all have
jobs okay think about it we all have
jobs because of window those NT correct
okay
so General Hayden said
it's like putting a padlock from your
kitchen to your dining room okay you're
trying to basically lock something up
that wasn't meant to be locked up
so the current cyber
threats by the way AP AP
AB okay current cyber threats activists
they are the scariest we may not think
that but over time they're getting more
crafty they're causing more crap most of
us are dealing with Happ this on a daily
basis okay the problem is they're not
just the kids anymore who want to sit in
the thing there are people in other
nations and I'll get into that okay so
as I as I as you can read smarter more
extreme you got Anonymous jihadist some
of you in here okay but the best part
about this
is what if I told you you could Monitor
and correlate cyber threats and that
should be another talk
okay I don't know I can give it somebody
can give it I'm going to plug talks on
this as well all right so the other ones
are nation state sponsor we know that oh
shoot AP everybody makes a joke about
there we
go
Asia stands for Asia okay Asian
persistent it is okay so unit 63198 we
all probably read that report dro the
bomb really tick some people off in the
Beltway because they were tracking them
exposed them all right the Syrian
electronic Army they've been in the news
lately people speculate you know are the
Iranians using them is that a
retaliation for Stu snack trying to go
after financials are they Russian are
they mercenaries are they Syrian there's
some people in the room that probably
know who they are okay the al-Qaeda
electronic
Army Turkish ojan we're going more but
what about our own NSA because seriously
we don't have anything
right there's nothing to worry about
with our country I mean I'm wearing this
shirt because I'm proud that one day my
profile will be leaked and you will all
know the kind of fishing porn I love
okay
so all right can we compete with the a
PT can we mathetes mathletes I have a
slide later that talks about can we
really compete with this I mean they got
their own dedicated you talking about
apartments they were basically an
apartment that Mak sick okay but how
many of these buildings are spread
across Trina seriously something to
think
about Cally there's a billion people
there's got to be more of these right I
mean if you go back to the
uh
63198 you think they did that
chronologically like in order is there
that many I how many apartments are
there okay so can we compete with the
nation states well the other problem we
have is cyber criminals so literally I
was making that slide and this one and I
was start to put in some names of some
cyber criminals that I track through and
different things were going on and
that's what di I was like go back in and
it d d oh God literally my hair stand
now freaking out it was like midnight I
was already tired so I mean really the
whole point is I'm like okay fine I put
in Russians Russians ukrainians Russians
and wait did I tell you about the
Russian mafia do you know what happens
to R CBS and the thing he has okay so
you can Google anyone else you want and
you can be as paranoid as I am and I'm
not even really exposing these people
okay
ab
okay of of a bought her and his b to a
24-hour life cycle I just thought it was
pretty was a good time to put in for a
dream okay so we are in a frontier and
I'm going to kick this into a little bit
of History here pretty soon you think
about it it's a free flow of information
okay people can hack outside of the
United States without repercussion in
fact some of them are heroes they think
they've done this great thing because
they defaced a website or uploaded at
xtxt which really says something and
they oh look we face it didn't you just
have a
URL we all know that we see it we have
to deal with it yeah Tren
right the elephant is in the room and
he's sitting right there don't look at
terrible so it's relatively easy to be a
scrip Kitty it is relatively easy to be
a hero in a country that hates the
United States think about it they're
never going to prosecute
you all right the internet is also wide
open but the problem is that there was a
wcit summit in Dubai and this is a
serious deal this is not the joking part
of it this happened last December the UN
tried to make a coup on the internet
basically come in and say we want to
control what's going on we want
to basically turn it into China turn it
into the UK Australia everything's
monitored proxy let's go taxes all these
things luckily we were able to stand up
and say
no no but here's the key the US is the
digital Empire okay so remember these
words Frontier and Empire okay and does
anybody play the video game with John
Mar yeah he's
riding he's riding Applejack so there
you go all right so cyber War cyber
drinking G from back cuz there's a lot
of cyber all right the problem we have
is infc professionals is preparing our
people for the inevitable cyber War
right okay is it hype do we really need
to
worry this quote may have some relevance
not reacting to the threat of cyber
warfare as 10 amount to rais in the
white
flag I know we're sick of hearing about
it but is it something we should really
worry about we think war and we think
certain terms but a lot of us know it's
kind of different in the cyber
world sex sex world thank you I about to
say that se of
that okay so this is another serious
part of my job the wake up white paper
came I got grab my notes from General
haager somebody know his name how do you
pronounce it any scholars in this anyway
he's a retired US Air Force and he
basically talked about some of these
points uh some of the key ones are
failure to prot proactively address
these threats risk a digital Pearl Har
or 911 okay uh they've crossed the
critical line we have seen tons of Ip
disappear from our country that's a huge
thing that really we don't do something
about it's scary the intellectual
property that leaves is going to cost us
cuz really that's the only thing we have
around the world we have more technology
usually the smarter people but right now
you have nation states that are taking
that and building upon it so all the R&amp;D
we spend in it all the stuff we do boom
it's G okay uh another Point here the
private sector must look beyond the
balance sheet and F focus on our
national interest and if need be the
government must Force this change now I
don't know if I agree with little last
part but that's the problem we have okay
and then of course we all deal with this
on a daily basis educating the American
people/ users about the importance of
cyber security and drive vehical change
so
AP all right I have to have the
obligatory Su of War right what security
talk does not have that especially at a
major
conference and everybody says it'll
happen there's a book by O'Reilly so it
means it's valid I mean if's right about
it you know it's the real thing so the
event that will change everything let's
just think about what event is going to
change everything okay why hasn't that
happened we've been told about it for 3
to 5 years maybe it has maybe there was
something but it wasn't what we knew
maybe it's Yet to Come okay that's what
activist can be scary the bigger thing
for me is there scisms are wide open we
all know that we've heard about okay and
our financial Market where do you hit us
where do you kick us in the balls stock
market right where we going to take the
biggest hit
so our current government cyber status
is literally the ostrich
okay 3 years ago that report came out
they've been begging and pleading and
talking about how we need more people
they've been recruiting when I went to
schmon a couple years ago they had so
many people there handing out tests
trying to recruit people trying to get
in the last 2 years of any major
conference you've seen people recruiting
two years ago at deathcon it was an open
hey I'm a fed you want to come work for
us I me this year wasn't really quite as
opening but you guys sold their soul
right okay but we're not trained we're
we're literally we don't have that
apartment complex and that's you know
they're not cracking the wi okay
the the bigger problem we have is we
don't attack back so many lawyers so
many things going on we don't have I
think this year they finally came out
with the yeah they finally came out with
the executive order talking about
possibly doing stuff like that we're
slow to act on this stuff our government
always overreacts to hacks and
threats that nuclear little bomb thing
that explains the big event it's
probably going to take something like
that and there will be no FEMA there's a
major scatter event in February on the
East Coast knocks out the third of the
power grid a long time you blow up a few
generators it's not like you can go pick
up another generator from Depot for
those okay what's going to happen so
something to think about all right a
moment these are the at guards guarding
against the Asian persistent threat or
apartment so like I was saying there is
no digital cavalry
okay there are several high ranking
officers officials that have talk about
our lack of response in the Cyber realm
this is called for
shadow the way back machine okay the
frontier at one point the Americas we
all know about the colonies everybody
has graduated from high school so let me
remind you what you were supposed to
have learn the French and Indian War not
our Revolution the French and Indian War
there's a gentleman very famous I think
he invented electricity
right it was Benjamin Franklin think so
I think his initials were
a okay he came up with this cartoon
called Join or Die was in he was in his
newspaper and the whole point was he
said we need to join up against the
French and
Indians because the threat we have a
common threat we need to unite with the
crown okay so they wanted to protect the
way of life well here's the funny thing
about it clearly we know that Benjamin
Franklin was drinking the
Kool-Aid because the French and the
Indians were not the real problem
okay so what happened what what what do
we know about that
17 he's so thirsty right hot and thirsty
he's hot he wants to meet
yeah the Koolaid came name
was so a very intelligent inventor of
the
day led a
unification against the Common
Thread that gave
us this some other things they actually
took his original post made it into that
he gave us this gentleman any you know
who this
is
uh George Washington no it is Sean SL I
couldn't see his so we had our Great
American leader from that Yankee
Doodle okay Yankee Doodle Dandy who can
sing it I have swag for if you
can give us this anyone
anyone come and take it which now says
come back of the war okay so the French
and Indian War a Frontier battle against
a common enemy led to the American
Revolution a unification against the
empire at the time gave us the leaders
we have so where all this circle about
is cyber guards okay article one of the
US Constitution Section 8 armies and
militias the government can call out
private people businesses to
help there is also a Senate bill that
has been brought up once or twice saying
state yeah well that's at the end right
but a lot of guards okay we those of us
in this room maybe even this group could
be a militia we're the Cyber Warriors of
the next battle okay welcome to the
drift we've all been drafted we're
actually in the middle of this battle
the official part of it may come later
with one of those congressional
laws but we are basically on the front
lines or we'll be part of the front
lines for some of the bigger battles
that happen the cool thing with that is
we'll be
privateers anyone know what Privateer is
from the old days okay now here's the
funny thing what tools will we use well
it's another talk another talk another
idea for a talk okay so militias five
minutes long yeah five minutes
long um uh militia G first IND army or
fighting force that is composed of
nonprofessional Fighters are we
nonprofessionals yes kind of right it's
not our day job maybe it is okay uh
citizens of a Nation or subjects of a
state or government that can be called
upon to enter a combat situation right
we're not full-time soldiers so a
privateer we didn't have a Navy back in
the day and if we did it sucked so what
did they
do the New England area had some of the
best ships in the world whing was kind
of our oil at the time phenomenal ships
we said hey guess what you guys get to
be
Pirates Camaros
privateers the cool part was I don't
think we'll get to do this now they got
to share in the Bounty so when they took
over a ship they got to split up the
whatever they got can you imagine
that okay so
privateers
so current cyber milias and
privateers we know that nation states
are are basically drafting their
brightest they're growing these guys up
they're filling full of Mountain Dew
shipping it in from America
right military they're doing they're
basically getting mercenaries anybody
can hack the Russians are notorious for
this hey you guys can hack all you want
as long as it goes out come in right saw
the Georgia conflict back then they
didn't have that in their military they
just taxed these guys to do okay
criminal elements hackers for hire
script kitties very bored intelligent
hack okay so state sponsored militias
that we know of that I quickly want to
give here also could be a talk dealing
with
a it's more Json so Russia has a group
called
Nai look it up get into it that's a
serious group that is going to be a
threat for years to come a lot of the
Eastern block countries I could probably
do 50 slides just on them Iran has the
B that pretty much is
the what's the word for the spring of
where a lot of the latest hats are
coming from for the jihadists okay China
has an estimated 4 million in their
cyber militia so how many buildings
would that be okay props to my course on
that North Korea Palestine all those
Jokers okay is anonymous a
militia yes are they a militia sure they
could be considered a militia but here's
the funny thing about that okay you have
these other groups rising up based upon
Anonymous they kind of took that monitor
from a few years back and said look at
us we the Turkish Anonymous Turkish a oh
yeah look at call same format how cool
is that we're rock stars in our country
okay the Indonesian hacking team man
those guys really gave me a lot of
last the Syrian electronic
Army okay another one that is a real
problem this year
Al-Qaeda asically ask the syrians do
most of it but they like to put their
name out
there the T cyber
army they all use cyber jih in the name
of anonymous to go do what they did but
here's the funny
thing you have an OP Islam from other
anonymous groups that are now making
this complete circle of no oh no you
don't oh no you don't so is that part of
the group are some of those cyber
militias that I've been talking about
part of the S
Islam something to think about something
to think about all right so let's get
into
armed cyber militias we all remember C
of the dead cow are they the original
militia that's good I mean think about
it I was trying to figure out who I
would call the original militia okay
chaos Computer
Club
uh remember that remember those days
website I missed that logo
really uh another talk right we can talk
about all these guys what they
do all
right Talk
AP okay so in a cyber War let's just say
we win we're going to kind of fast
forward because hey we are Americans
America we win everything
America
America America I should have put that
one up there so to make it make sense we
win but really what if we
won so let's replay with what happened
back when we
won the original Revolutionary War they
had to put in a second
amendment okay why did they put in the
Second Amendment because the militias
war K me so the well regulated militia
state do I really get a slide about this
yes come control whether you're against
it or for
it think of it as an infos
professional years I love this this is
my favorite years down the road when we
win this when other things happen and
all the crap hits the fan what are they
going to start to control we already
seeing
this there is Hardware control across
the board
okay video game they want to make to
your advice that was kind of knocked
down a little bit okay somebody Happ
what's the cloud yeah yeah okay we're
stopped at the borders they can't
confiscate your device just
because within 100 miles of the US
Border in the name of Terror and
security I mean I'm not trying to be a
conspiracy theorist here I'm not trying
to say We rise up against our government
but these are the things that I want to
end with another slide that we'll talk
about though okay we all know that
private encryption I mean that almost
got people totally in jail there's a
huge problem okay so modern militias is
it going to be camera or caffeine okay
guns or computers bullets or sophomore
let's hope it's not all of that both of
those things I did I did find pretty
exciting that there was a camo caffeine
sh covers it right so I am now on a
watch list for sure because I research
Moes I'm pretty sure if I wasn't one on
already I'm on now because of this St
well hold on you have your hat on oh I
was I was wearing a t hat at the time so
okay so historical comparisons to back
in those frontier days to
now pretty
self-explanatory what are the equal
things with this
okay people
comparisons I really wanted to go more
with this but I
tried Bruce Sneider is he not our
Franklin right is he not the intelligent
guy
oh
T
So Bruce we all know great great talk I
that's a oneish that's
why so the jester how many her follow
the jester EXC
pu%
puberty so I'm
chok the jester if you don't follow him
hilarious I personally think the guy
part of our nation state it's actually a
group of people but that's my theory I
can't what he does I don't think he an
individual and the way he gets away with
it I think that's kind of our
retaliation with but don't quote me on
that I got 10
okay Moxy is our Boon I mean seriously
watch this oh
yeah he Moxy Marlin's F he is our
Frontiersman he runs from the law he's
going to end up with the Alamo our
digital Alamo you know it right and then
Trent I don't know who the heck that's
going to be I honestly ran out of time
for t l who's the Kim Kardashian the Kim
Kardashian thatou I had a Bradley
Manning up there I wasn't quite sure
anyway so when that
in will all non-compliant hackers be
rounded up much like what happened to
some people moral aror okay is there
going to be a McCarthyism against
intelligent infos people are you going
to have to swear in Allegiance we
already know that the internet is going
to be controlled at some
point are we going to develop the one
that allow us to have the
freedom because hacking is a way of life
okay our Hardware is going to be
neutered I'll talk about that further
and there's already talk that you're
going to need a digital Visa or passport
or some of kind of biometric access to
do what you want to
do
so here's the forecast partial
Freedom we already have seen it with the
UK Australia Japan all these places
still have gun control the same way very
strict very strong okay they don't want
the people to rise up we're going to see
this happen even in the United States
unless we do something about it okay we
do not want to turn into China
SOA sisa you've seen those things now
these two right here because of the
Snowden leaks may never see the light of
day but they're going to try through
other means today just the day
TPP was discussed it was leak to weaky
leaks and you should go to tppp INF
nwork to see what they're trying to do
through the back door okay through some
of the Nations that are agreeing upon
trade it's kind of like a napit for our
internet right and of course
we're going to have to have some kind of
proxy
system and if we violate it is it going
to be a problem you're going to know
about it if people like sent link going
to turn Us in
probably
so another talk here I think this should
be a good Talk AP AP and
me it's good crowd tonight I seriously
have shirts I shouldn't be throwing
these out
that deserve the shirt yeah who who said
that you know me there go I doubt it
thing you but enjoy so um who is the
Cyber weapon this is the same with a gun
control argument right is it your tools
like set is it your poor is it Menlo is
it the Dos tools okay and how are they
going to regulate or neuter everything
that we're doing here are we going to
have some guy sitting in on our meetings
is going to come say can't talk about
that are we going to allowed to me okay
and what are the hacking tools can we
equate them to things like ammo a rifle
and a
pistol so this is a true story from
another source I don't know if you guys
saw this that guy was basic lost his
fourth amendment rights this was in
October this year because on his website
he CL it was a hacker right let me my
notes on this um the court found it
significant that the defendants are
self-described hackers who say we like
like happing things and we don't want to
stop so basically this was the guy that
tacked that he wrote he wrote some
software he wrote some software then
open sourced it yeah and then they think
he open sourced it but basically they
went ahead and just seized It Anyway
didn't even tell him about it because
they said his capability equals intent
because he's capable of it that means
intent just because on his website he
claimed to be a hacker and he likes to
hack and we know the real definition of
that but the idiots we deal with on a
day basis and our government do not they
see it as a bad word okay
so basically it's a it's going to be a
hacker witch H and this is kind of a
precursor to things like that because if
you look at the next slide this is the
actual court stuff the court finds it
significant that defendants are
self-described hackers who say we like
hacking things and we don't want to stop
now the underling portion here the
Tipping Point for the court comes from
evidence that the defendants in their
own words are hackers by labeling
themselves this way they have
essentially announced that they have the
Neary computer skills and intent to
simultaneously release the code publicly
and conceal their role in the app just
because that was on a website no other
proof or evidence that they're they're
basically saying we're going to go get
this because we think it happened and
there he has no for right and further in
the document which I didn't put up they
basically
said you know what he has the ability to
scrub it so we couldn't do that if we
told him we're going to do that he would
delete hard so it was a preemptive hit
by the
Idaho uh in Idaho the judge ID control
sofware it was some SC Control software
so that the it was all done in the name
of terrorism basically they came in said
you know that he could release this and
terrorists could get a hold of it run
our system so instead of really looking
at the real problem or asking the guy
they're doing it this way now there may
be more of the story but I think it's a
legitimate concern it's something to
think about it's futuristic talk right
by the way I don't believe anything I
said was total tra t on okay so is there
going to be much like the Second
Amendment Elite Amendment
saying will it be illegal to have
hacking tools are we going to be allowed
to use those things to help in the Cyber
war that may be pure science fiction
cyberpump stuff theoretics but it's
something to think about will a hacker
sticker be seen as the same as an NRA
sticker right
you drive around you see the crazy
AK-47s or M16 stickers you know that say
stuff in the NRA are we going to have we
going to have to hide that we don't want
to be known as that or are we going to
be proud to show that I'm kind of mad
cuz my laptop has all those stickers on
it it's not here tonight that's one of
the things okay will you be classified
as a
weapon seriously think about it
okay how highly regulated will it be
okay is this
avoidable are you already on a watch
list is there a way to find
out okay do you care if you're on a
watch list we go back to the Crazy
Girlfriend you got nothing to hide right
you're not doing anything wrong do you
have the
ability clearly I
mean clearly you're you're evil because
of that are your ideas of threat to
National Security and when is it
tyranny okay when is it tyranny future
topic Poss maybe not for here maybe for
another
place so we deserve future we shap okay
is an association the answer yeah this
is well I
quickly isn't Association the answer
okay many of us have our search we
belong to some organization things like
that okay is there another one we need
do we need the Nisa National information
security professional association
something that stands more for our
rights for protecting things I don't
know these are the ideas that I was
trying to come up with my talk okay but
seriously this whole talk is B about
electricity real war there going to WIP
electricity we're going to be worthless
anyway do run some generators but I want
to end with a quote
um the exact level of tyranny you're
going to live under is the Lial tyy you
put over okay so thank you that's my
along so the key here that I liked about
this is what are
arms I was trying to get into a pH
philosophical talk when I first created
this is could we be considered or our
tools be considered modern arms
information there already are
information in Germany there's a lot of
places right there's those who say the
the network connections themselves the
networks are part of the weapons and the
arms so could we end around and say we
have the protection of the Second
Amendment based on that but I doubt it I
don't know if a lawyer would argue but
really that was kind of what spurred my
initial thought about I'd like to talk
about this and
see any question there again I got more
of a comment any questions here so I
know there's a lot of empis on say
foreign countries we'll just say China
out but exactly so I know that there's a
lot of concern around there's always
possibility apocalypse to shut down our
electrical and our financial and all
that but maybe something to ponder
something to think about is that because
we're becoming a global economy anymore
if they do that isn't that also killing
themselves to a degree excellent point
and those are the things why many
theorize that it hasn't happened yet
think about it cyber criminals don't
want to shut it down don't want to go
nuclear on us
because they're a parasite they live off
of it China's not going to do anything
to us till they completely own us
because they need us to buy their
stuff but the real point of the talk
here is what are all these little tiny
things right you don't eat an elephant
with one big bite you nibble at it we
see this nibbling The Last 5 Years of
all these little things that happen Okay
the RSA hack took all the IP what are
they doing about it all the intellectual
hacks that are happening the activist
stuff they're trying to put in laws and
trying to put in things to restrict
stuff in such a way is the internet
going to be the
same is it inevitable that it'll never
be the same or we going to have to just
live with that but your point is very
valid yeah we're talking about these
foreign sources and what's going to
happen really the bigger concern we have
is they're stealing what we have America
doesn't produce anything anymore we
don't have factories really we have
intellect we have amazing Engineers we
have a work ethic that's like none other
I mean the Germans they're just so rigid
they do make great stuff but you know
their flexibility isn't there so
sometimes that hinders them but for us
I'm very proud to be American but it's
tough to see what I see working in
sometimes the attitude of those people
who are in charge of these government
websites towards us trying to secure
them you know cuz that's our data
personally my family's personal data was
brief because of lack of security in one
of the states that we live in so I mean
I wanted to really give a talk that
would get you guys thinking about you
know some of the fun some of the things
the AP the sales I think one of the
quotes I I passed was cyber war and AP
are the code words for a blank check
right shiny new objects buy shiny new
objects byy shiny new objects that's all
you it's like it's like the it's like
the penut right it's
it's War at give me your check okay i'
I've been to so many conferences the
last few years it's just crazy some of
comments I go
home yeah if I have shirts for those who
went if seriously if somebody wants some
f bacon it's all yours I couldn't
believe I tracked it
down I said holy crap they put
bacon
all right well that's you guys have any
questions I'm Wayne Crowder wack bass at
you