I spend a lot of time doing stuff wrong
right I want to help you learn from my
mistakes thanks for that learn from my
mistakes they trust me it's it's way
better to do things the right way so how
do you communicate when they executive
why aren't they listening to you and
pick it up on your message you
understand something that clearly needs
to happen at your organization but
they're not buying it why not just a
disclaimer your mileage may vary my
experience is going to be different
experience from company to company and
executive to executive that's always
going to be different so we're gone as
you listen to this this look for the
principles I'll push you on the
principles and I'll give some specific
examples of how to solve an issue
communication issue but you're gonna
have to draw from the principles and
reframe things for your own environment
I do have a couple Easter eggs you may
or may not give it so keep an eye on all
right I'm gonna shout out to David
Letterman who I used to watch too much
growing up as a kid I don't have cards
to throw out the little city window but
I'm gonna start with a top ten and these
are I'd say these are touching on real
things right so real issues that bug you
and real issues that bug executives I've
shown this list to a bunch of business
people and they chocolate some of them
and they're like yep that's what they
always do that's why I don't listen so I
know I'm on track here we go number 10
you only drew us up when you want to
spend our money it's true how come you
always wear a t-shirt every other day
except when you got something to say to
an executive networker t-works why do I
need to spend money I think we can all
identify with this one no love for IT if
it works what do we pay for everything
number eight you use more than 3 colors
and 6 slides in your presentation
overload they cannot handle that much
stuff you've got to translate the tech
you can't just throw a bunch of bar
charts at them
that doesn't work that way keep it
simple
bring it back to business number seven
I'd rather spend money business money on
something that generates income that's a
good point and you're gonna have to be
able to answer that in order for them to
listen to number six your presentation
was just an excuse to show off there's a
lot of truth behind this one and it
takes some introspection to to really
realize that it's not a it's not an
opportunity to show off and they see
that and it makes you look really
immature number five as an executive I
never know what's going on with IT until
there's an emergency are you keeping
them informed if not why would they
listen everything's always an emergency
this guy's following these guys falling
right number four security doesn't make
us any money now I've got some issues
with this one but this is a thought that
they've got when you go into a meeting
so especially to present the purchase of
a new product or service they have this
thought in their heads already so you
have to be able to answer that before
they ask it or before it comes back up
in their heads because they're not gonna
listen as soon as this line of thought
hits their hits their mind they're
tuning out and you're wasting
everybody's time number three you call
my nephew an idiot it's true he sits two
cubes over for me from you or he was a
customer from yesterday that you were on
a phone call with you don't know it you
don't know how connected they are who's
connected to who you've done something
that offended them maybe you keep making
me change my favorite password I can't
fight that one really number one reason
executives don't listen to you at
presentations you still looked at my
wife PC you got to do favors with the
executives I there's no getting around
it really okay but seriously guys
now let's get down to the principles
what are the what is the foundation of
effective communication and I'll give
you a shortcut it is not it's not social
engineering right
you can social engineer on the short
term but it's all about relationship
building even a long con social
engineering involves relationship
building so why bother building a false
relationship when you can just do it the
right way the first time okay but for
real seriously it is all about business
alignment okay sometimes I got to talk
with two hands so forgive me here okay
business and IT business is not IT
business has to happen and IT needs to
find a way to merge into that process so
you need to understand business to be
able to bring IT to fit if you can't do
that you're on a separate track and
there's a disconnect and that is where
the communication breakdown is oh sorry
to succeed you need to proactively
answer questions that they have there
are things that keep them up at night
they're not telling you about it but
they're concerned about backups disaster
recovery those sorts of things some of
them are thinking about this stuff some
of them are not but there are many
unspoken concerns that they have that
you need to speak to in your
presentation so I'm gonna go through it
some examples of things that they can
identify with and if you understand
their thinking you can present to answer
those questions or concerns with regard
to business continuity one thing they
might say I'm afraid we won't you know
all our bad data back in case of a
catastrophic loss they go to social
gatherings with other executives they
hear other people talking about oh we
got this new backup product or we can
get our business back up in five minutes
after a disaster and they're left
wondering can I and then they go home
and think about that answer that
question for them make them comfortable
the answer to that question it worries
me someone could crack or guess a
password and access our data this is a
very valid concern if you've listened to
any of Ryan Preston's talks you know the
spring 2018 is gonna get into somebody's
account by now right
so what can you do to answer this
concern you can't just you can't just
get rid of it or downplay it it's a
valid concern how do you answer that
two-factor authentication probably would
help
alright so sometimes you're gonna solve
a business problem you've got your own
agenda but you need to solve business
problems and once you start getting
heard in these presentations actually
helping the business then some of the
stuff that you realize that you know
needs to get done that they don't
understand you'll have a little bit more
relationship built up to make make a
point in that direction these are things
that they think our IT guys are not
interested in our opinions so good ideas
get ignored I've heard so many stupid
ideas from executives but you know what
I don't turn around and roll my eyes to
the person right behind me because that
comes back they see it they feel it they
know it I can tell when you're not
engaged so you know it's a stupid idea
listen to it and try to understand why
they're thinking what is the business
issue at hand that makes them have this
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idea there's probably something
there that you can help solve talk about
it explore their idea make them feel
validated in their thoughts it
frustrates me that IT the our IT guys
guys are more interested in technology
than business this is very common
technology is not business technical
business is business even if you're in a
technology business technology is not
business right technology for
technology's sake is what's in your
basement or your hobby den or something
like that technology enables business to
succeed so take an interest in the
business and how to use technology to
align with business purposes our
whatever whatever it is our server room
is a mess
wah so why should we entrust yet another
thing to the IT department you need to
show some good faith here go do some
stuff get stuff in order or show them
that it will benefit that so just think
about all these concerns that they have
and try to answer those questions
our people are doing too much manually
surely IT automation can help yeah
maybe start with your own department
show how you have benefited your own
department how the time pay off is there
there's a return on investment with
employee productivity they want these
problems solved and a lot of times it's
not just some expensive software right
it's practice and training and getting
interact with the users and showing that
you can really make a change for the
business they think people say I can
save money with IT but I have no idea
where to start so how can you show them
to start saving money I know you want to
present something that's gonna cost
money most of the time but you may have
to start with some presentations on hey
you know what we can save money if we do
this I can give this up or we can train
people to use this and consolidate two
or three software's or purposes they're
worried about software offs audit
software license audits they don't know
what the results gonna be can you
comfort that concern some of them aren't
thinking about that but these are some
of the things that they think so can you
answer that build their confidence in
you I don't get enough information on
how well IT systems are currently
running and this goes back to the top 10
list everything's always an emergency
why do I always have to spend money in
there virgin see spending goes up there
problems always feel like surprises and
I don't see why and when I show this
list to executives they go yeah dad dad
why why don't I know about stuff that's
coming up you need to be able to look
forward and communicate that stuff to
them so that they are confident in your
ability to support the business it
worries me we don't know how technology
will technology change will affect our
business can you get in front of that
learning
and help train your executives keep them
up to speed with what's changing in the
industry are you doing things to stay
involved and informed I mean you're here
so that's a good step we lack a clear
strategic objective with IT projects
they drag on forever costs too much and
sometimes fail or often fail this is
really common especially in small
businesses and I know I've been there
we're overloaded there's way too much
going on drinking from a fire fire hose
or using a fire hose to put on all sorts
of little fires and projects always get
put off right that's a concern they have
how do we answer that you need to
reframe your presentation again
technology's purpose is to enable
business to succeed if you need to use
it to solve business problems so how do
you do that here's a couple examples we
all understand these sorts of statements
when you need more better logging or
logging analysis etc whatever the
technical requirements we need this so
we need to buy such-and-such
right well how do we communicate that to
an executive the bar the pie chart at
the bottom doesn't do anything if you
don't understand what it means or what a
day in the life of IT department is you
can reframe that statement by saying
something like this to meet compliance
requirements and to avoid fines hey we
need this product is that worth looking
at to you because the fines can cost ABC
XYZ whatever how much they cost or for
IT to focus on project to keep execution
we need this software to automate log
analysis so we can free up some time to
actually focus on project delivery now
you're talking to concerns like that
right there that one on the right so
speak to those concerns when you reframe
the technical requirements we need a
bigger battery backup so that the
whatever it is the database server in
this example doesn't experience a power
cut that makes total sense to me
why is that so important you can't just
say that to any executive now I will say
for an executive that does listen to
simple statements like this like the
Tecna
statement that we're making here and
accepts your your idea and wants to run
with it they're either a stellar
executive and their tech savvy and they
understand the business implications or
they're stupid and tired of dealing with
you and they finally sign off on
something or the or you trick them into
doing it how often do we do that we try
to trick with different different
metrics that really don't relate the ROI
is based on stuff that we're not really
doing yet or we're never gonna do it
right so the solution to this one is
something like this we're currently at
risk of database corruption with a
potential downtime of X number of hours
six hours and a loss of between 12 and
34 K and transaction processing and
we're headed into storm sea electrical
storm season with inadequate backup
power there's construction across the
street all sorts of things are against
us right now and we need more time on
backup power in order to get stuff to
successfully shut down in a case of
emergency right we can prevent many
thousands of loss with a few thousand
investment reframing we need this for
example outrageously expensive module
four as a temperature monitor so I can
get notified when the AC doesn't work in
the server room say it this way we have
$65,000 worth of temperature sensitive
heat generating equipment in a little
closet for about 350 bucks we can ensure
that investment right make it make
business sense here's a good one we need
a pizza party once a mom how do you
convince them of this that's right no no
on business time on the business time
how do we get in some to pizza parties
once free right said Casey's underrated
the other one I didn't do this I would
like to challenge our team to grow and
learn from one another you can't be
disingenuous here we can build culture
share tribal knowledge and improve
customer efficiency within the
department and the business I'd like to
host them
lunch-and-learn much nicer way to say it
okay so you reframe your presentation
that kind of comes as a result of
reframing your thinking maybe I should
have swapped the order of those two
sorry I T exists in order to serve and
enable others if you didn't realize it
yet you are a servant if you're working
in IT security I developer I don't care
what position you are you enable other
people to make money doing what they do
that was a big revelation for me
users are your customers if you can take
if you can internalize this mindset that
the users are your customers and you
need to work on high customer
satisfaction that will affect your daily
thinking and actions and those changes
will be noticed you want to connect with
executives show that you care here's a
protip I burned some bridges a couple of
times they are well-connected with one
another I don't know how their networks
work I'm working on getting that that's
where I want to be right they're all
buddies they're connected in some way so
when do you do something stupid and you
burn a bridge they've got this
relationship that transcends you right
it's well above and beyond whatever you
can say or do you're not going to
separate these relationships there's
family ties they're long-standing
friendships and business partnerships
they've been there for each other in the
past you're not going to break into that
with some presentation about they're
doing this the wrong way this is there
an idiot we should get rid of them that
is not going to do anybody any good
it's going to make you look like an
idiot and they're gonna be fixing things
overcome they're gonna be having coffee
talking about what an idiot you are you
can't drive a wedge between some of
these relationships so friends and
family aren't everywhere just a couple
of weeks ago at a new job I found that
the guy with a different last name is
cousins of the boss Oh glad I didn't say
anything down right just watch you'll
find they're all connected
have you ever tried walking a mile in
their shoes
mentally why are they who they are where
they are doing what they do it could be
that their passion was this or they had
a grand idea to be who they are so if
you can identify what their human suck
and serve whatever their purpose
passions and dreams are that will be
where you can communicate effectively
with him so figure out who they are
their house a lot of times especially in
smaller businesses their houses and cars
or what's on the line to make sure you
get a paycheck realize that be thankful
for that and work to solve business
problems I'm not going to spend a lot of
time here but really your focus is on
the top two tiers of Maslow's hierarchy
right you want to enable the executives
to feel self-esteem so acknowledge their
their ideas and discuss and they want
self-actualization that means they want
to achieve their highest potential help
equip them to do that again they're all
connected if you can make a friendship
with an executive you were one of the
people that's now inseparable somebody
can't stand in and take over your job or
or cause of problems between you and
that person nearly as easily if you're
doing favors and solving these needs
these core human needs and my strongest
recommendation is to reframe your
purpose I spend hours building a
personal mission statement I'll share a
link to it at the end of the
presentation but I'm gonna I'm gonna
bring some evidence SERPs here what I
have committed to do is to be a trusted
adviser to all stakeholders that's
internal external executives users peers
via trusted stakeholder that means
holding certain things in confidence not
rolling your eyes when you turn around
or or saying certain things about other
people right utilize tact and discretion
at all times it's be frankly and
tactfully with the best interest of who
I'm serving in mind I'm serving them
business and sometimes in a
business-to-business environment you
have
play customer advocate as well show
integrity always allow third parties to
say face Madison was tough for me
because I came from working for the
state of Kansas and the the political
the intra-office group political
backstabbing was outrageous
everything was cya right everything was
in written form I'm not gonna say
something to somebody unless it's in an
email so I could prove it I'm gonna try
to elicit responses from them that prove
later on that they were wrong every once
while you BCC a supervisor right I had
to get away from that mind of thinking
that mode of thinking allow them to save
face
don't burn those bridges that that
enable business to continue operating
and today to that to that point tree
business relationships like valued of
friends or employees because a lot of
businesses have partnerships with other
businesses because executive to know
each other you don't want to get in the
way of that so treat them that way
communicate concerns in person or over
the phone
avoid written means this is goes back to
the days working up at Kansas Department
of Corrections avoid written means of
communication for the expression of
misinterpret able if it can be
misinterpreted don't write it down do a
phone call you need to build a
reputation of organizational mission and
purpose speak positively I know you guys
find a lot of problems it within your
own department within business
operations avoid stating problems from a
complaint perspective find a solution
and present them as opportunities to
excel or to fix things not as just stuff
sucks
understand that there are three levels
to business operations strategic stuff
is you know between three and five ten
years however long it's big-picture
stuff guess who lives there the
executives their thinking on this line
so if you're down in the operational
like my day-to-day tasks suck and we
could probably fix it by throwing up a
load of money at it how much does that
matter in five years we need to speak to
that five ten year plan where is your
thinking on a day-to-day basis because
if you can't elevate your thinking from
those task level operations you're not
going to be able to communicate
effectively with the executives to some
of them answer the unspoken questions
think about what concerns them use
technology to solve business problems
understand that mighty exist to serve
act from purpose so build your own
personal mrs. mission statement and act
from them I have mine printed and hung
up on the wall right next to me you have
no idea how many emails I have not sent
because I looked at that before I
clicked it and then I picked up the
phone and made a phone call and I
promise it came out way better okay
thanks guys
[Applause]
if you would we're trying to do rating
system no self-promotion but uh if you
wouldn't mind we're gonna try we're
gonna pilot this tonight go rate the top
we want to see if we can start get this
going on a regular basis for all the set
Casey talks we can make sure the talks
are relevant to you and a lot of times
speakers would like feedback because
they want to give a talk in another
conference or something like that they
want to work on self personal