hey Maddie hey everybody
everybody well at least this way I know
that people aren't paying attention
instead of Zoom where I know that
nobody's paying
attention people people it is good to be
back I have been to a set casc in person
since the one that we did before the
pandemic
I know I know there was the co and there
were
babies and other things but here we are
but before I get like too far into this
there are some people here that like
right is really frankly something to be
pretty excited about and I've not had a
chance to acknowledge in person all of
the people that stood up to keep this
going during the pandemic when we were
at home but then also to get our asses
out of the house again and off of just
this board and see and getting together
in person again
look yeah and I'm skinny
now of that so yeah so a little bit of
background before I get started I don't
know if youve followed the the the
larger Cannon of my work but when I get
thank you thank you it's the true fans
that I'm here for
um when I gave my talk at a number of
years ago setc talking about how to give
talks I might have mentioned off hand
the reason I don't really give talks
like fcon or stuff like that anymore is
that it's been a while since I thought
that I had something worthwhile to say
and essentially that the that if I
thought something was important enough
more important than the thoughts of all
you guys have that maybe I'll go ahead
and say I'm ready for the mic so the
last time that I really got up for
original content that I felt in my
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bones that I had to absolutely
get a microphone in my hand as soon as I
could was 2008 so I thank you all for
coming back to see something
new um I been do it's been a wild it's
been a wild 60 days and I kid you not
it's been 60 days since I started
working on
this um including the holidays it's been
been hard for me to kind of come up with
a good title for this in part because my
head has gone through a number of
different kinds of perspective changes
is through this whole kind of thing
people that are in my Orbit can can
maybe attest to this if you get close to
me and you show that you are online
you're going to hear some things right
now this also happens in person other
parents that I run into the teachers at
the swimming lessons it doesn't matter
but over time as I keep talking about
this I keep learning more my approach to
this talk has kind of changed so first I
have this kind of you know typical
hacker ask you know let's let's tell
everybody how and why they're wrong but
then I really thought about this and I
realized you know we're not wrong cu the
more I get into this I realize that what
this does to us so I keep going through
all of these different options here but
but these are this should help
theme the English language is bad people
people people you guys been spending
learning
python uh English is the new language to
learn we're going to get into that
tonight we're going to talk about tokens
how many people have heard about tokens
in and out and cloud storage and how
much is this going to cost and and all
everything like that how many people are
have to go now sell this to somebody
that has never heard of variable pricing
in the cloud at all
ever okay I don't know if you guys know
what a big change that is is going to be
and how hard that is going to be but
frankly it's going to be made a lot
harder by the fact that a lot of the
stuff is available for you right now for
a very very small amount of money all of
it and all of this stuff that is that
has totally broken my brain over the
last 60 days you can do right now very
low amount of mudget no Cloud
infrastructure or any of that kind of
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] other alternate things to to to
show you uh yeah again the English
language is back uh finally the one that
really is the most popular but maybe
gives away the ending of this just a
little
bit I ask that every
day uh yes uh well get ready parents cuz
this might actually change the way you
talk to just about it what a
nerd all right so
since I do pay attention to my own talks
you're like oh my God this is going to
be a talk about llms and all I'm going
to see is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] text on the screen no
I'm not going to do that in part because
what I've learned about Ai and the way
that you should be working with this
kind of stuff is that it's about words
and it's about listening and it's about
communicating okay so I'm going to talk
a lot about this stuff we're not going
to talk about a lot of examples but I
want everybody to listen about listen to
kind of the story that I've got here and
then set yourself off on this own kind
of path so we're going to talk a little
bit about where I was as recently as
November in kind of my thinking my
Approach when people asked me what I
thought about
this how I got to that point but then
also talk about the frankly seemingly
random Confluence of events that led me
to reexamine all of this kind of things
and show you how I went from being
fairly
untrustworthy and treating it like it's
a
punchline and and treating like it yeah
it's better than the blockchain but
that's a goddamn low bar
right
so I'm but I've moved from this holding
pattern into holy cow we've got to get
going so we'll talk about how I got from
there to where I am now talk about some
my own experiences and what this is
actually like and why I think that if
you haven't actually gone down this
point where you're actually thinking
about all this any weird stuff and you
find yourself pulling out copies of
David Foster Wallace I don't know that
you're working with AI at the level that
you need to to prepare yourself for the
wave of change that's going to come I
so hot little
potato what else are we going to do I'm
going to talk a little bit about the way
that this stuff and the way that I've
worked with this has changed me in ways
that I were incredibly
surprising um it's changed the way that
I talk to people changed the way that I
listen to people it's Chang it for the
better people I feel great right now I I
got a lot of close friends here that
know that that it's been a bumpy few
years I feel better today than I have in
a long time um and honestly I think part
of it's because of this work that I've
been doing and I'll explain why and I'm
not going to say there any kind of
replacement for any professional Heth or
something but I'm explain why I think
this is happening and and and why it's
such a positive
impact um then we're going to go into
some of the actual kinds of experiments
that I've been doing some of the work
that I've been doing I'm going to show
you some examples I talk through some
examples too and I kind of contextualize
them because
at least in my world in case you guys
don't know
I'm first of all damn I almost forgot
about this but nothing I about to say
what just said is endorsed by my
employer who I'm not going share their
name no no no no no uh I work in I I
work in digital forensics need Discovery
and I've got a I've got a law degree and
yeah I've got all those things I've
taken lots of tests and don't want to
take any more um but I approach this
through the lens of somebody that that
went to law school works for a big Law
Firm but frankly I got to a big law firm
in a very non-traditional way so I
started working
in uh small town law firm uh Old Law
Firm Law Firm so old that if you want to
send mail to that law firm you can just
send it to Law Office Harrisonville
Missouri and we'll get there that's how
old that building right so I learned
back in the late '90s how to do research
when everything was on paper and and and
the electronic archives were sitting on
CDs in in a CD changer it was a thing
right but that's how I work that's not
important or is it come back to that um
but what I'm kind of finding is that a
lot of the old models of thinking the
old models of working with things that
we had before we just had a text box are
going to be the things that actually
make this the wor most worthwhile so um
we're going to go through we're going to
show some of the stuff that I've done
some of the stuff that's totally blown
my mind I'll show you some specific
examples I'll pull up some specific
threads and talk to you through some
things but first even though I I
appreciate the quiet and seeming WRA
attention now I do feel like I'm doing a
zoom call again talk myself for all
watching you thank you I appreciate that
I am going to just read this and you're
not allowed to good you can't see this
I'm going to read something right
right counselor while while a
comprehensive security assessment would
be prudent allow me to offer some
initial recommendations on areas of
focus from what I can infer from these
results first you should be concerned
that your network parameter was
penetrated and internal assets were
exposed to enumeration audit logs for
clues of how they access your systems
without authorization it could have been
compromised credentials could have been
unpatched bpns could have been fishing
link
once these are these are evident we need
to remedy those
vulnerabilities next policy wise um we
need to uh stress test and leas
privilege employ Security First design
uh limit SSH model zero trusts P 53 can
be firewalled everywhere but your name
servers etc
etc skip a little bit
ahead while assessing the full
implications will require an expert
analysis I can speak to some of the
common certification standards that may
be
impacted um and finally I give a little
bit of additional information and I get
this counselor if if thorough
investigation confirms that this
incident was limited to surface level
reconnaissance in probing without any
subsequent in intrusion data access or
system disruption then reporting
requirements May differ this goes on to
explain what the rep
requirements are under Hippa ISO
2701 and then says the good news is that
at least right now this appears to be an
exploratory R rather than exploitative
but fully tracing the attacker's path
while closing off discovered
deficiencies is still called for to
uphold
certification uh security Foster
CS that was a lot of words there a lot
of words that sounds like a very
expensive report or maybe somebody got
paid a lot by the hour send that
in you all know that somebody did not
get paid a lot of money to make that
question is do you know what the input
was to generate that level of content
would anybody like to take a
guess yes sir we don't know how they got
in but here's why you're going to need
to fix it sure but what was the input
that I fed to the llm that led me to get
those recommendations and those specific
words addressed to the general counsil
of theoretical
company they fix it you're missing
anybody else The Source what was the
initial prompt for all of that tell them
their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the initial
scan I literally copied and pasted the
output from nmap being run against a
raspberry pie on my own
network I pasted it in and I said the
scenario is that we found a laptop and
this was on the
screen what do we do
now and within four prompts I got to
those recommendations at that level of
writing and that level of
sophistication if you all are used to
reading the Fairly Bland vanilla gray
goo of dialect that is chat GPT or GPT
for friends I encourage you to go meet
something
better if that level of analysis and
that level of sophistication of handling
the output of an inmap scan sounds
perhaps frightening or interesting
hopefully I now have your
attention come back to some of those
specifics later
on but then I'm going to talk about why
I am super super fired up about all this
um there's a lot of stuff that people
are worried about there are a lot of
people with real legitimate concerns
about how this impacts their livelihoods
how this impacts their artwork how this
impacts culture
overall but we all need to kind of step
back and look at this through our own
little ends we're going to get into that
about a little why and it gets fairly
deep but I think we're all going to
understand it as we go um I got a lot to
say so we're going to keep on moving if
you have questions we'll chat
out let's start by kind of establishing
some common ground and and and talk
about a little bit about what maybe I
will will will consider for purposes of
this evening to be conventional with us
and I absolutely understand that
everybody in this room probably has a
little bit of a greater understanding of
the way all this stuff works and
probably has something different than
what I would call conventional wisdom
that's fine but it's also important for
us to ground ourselves in what the rest
of the world is saying and thinking and
expecting and things like this
so I started playing around with large
language models just like everybody else
did a little bit over a year ago chat
GPT first upon the scene I get inside
there everybody's kind of doing some
things people are people are losing
their minds because it's oh apparently
an expert at everything finally I get
around to it right and I'm like all
right fine I'm a lawyer what am I going
to do you say you can pass the party
exam I asked you a very simple law law
exam kind of question Law School exam
question it gives me a fair Fairly Bland
response factually oriented read like
something from Wikipedia it got it got
typed out in front of me it didn't
really add anything beyond what I
already knew it was information
retrieval right so how many people do
you talk about talk to or how many of
you in this room use these systems for
information
retrieval it's very different than the
way that I'm going to talk about the way
that maybe you should be thinking about
how to use this
stuff retrieval is one thing right then
you're worrying about the hallucinations
um but at that point I'm like okay it
can retrieve information Sil can just
done anything else now what it says that
it can be a lawyer people say that this
is going to replace lawyers I fight if
you want to be a lawyer then you have to
fight me you have to win you have to get
into an argument you have to engage with
me on it so what do I pick baseball
right so I get out there and I start
arguing with chat GPT or I ask chat GPT
you know to explain why Bo Jackson is
the greatest athlete to ever Liv and why
right fairly non-controversial statement
right
internet anyway so I started having this
conversation it generally kind of went
along with me because it's hard to
dispute that but then I asked hey who do
you think the greatest hitters in
baseball history ever were and spits out
the list
and it lists Barry
Bonds but it doesn't list Pete
Rose and I'm like H there's a logical
fallacy that I want to argue with a
large language model about folks I have
no special affinity for Pete Rose Pete
Rose is a known
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] okay that's
fine um Pete Rose got a raw deal
deserves to be in the Hall of Fame it's
the Hall of Fame for baseball not the
Hall of Fame for baseball am not being
an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] um um but what pissed me off
about it was that thege the model was
was was essentially saying the greatest
hitter in baseball is you know hamstrung
by this additional requirement that he
not bet on baseball even though these
guys are over here juicing it up and
totally cheating
arguably um and they're still in Hall of
Fame and they're still a consideration
and so I started arguing baseball and
shat gbt just wilts it's like oh people
have opinions on this they're strong and
it's like you won't ever fight this is a
waste of time um then I go and I have it
write some scripts for me right I'm like
great fewer trips to stack exchange
hooray then I start telling people I was
like hey this is great it's actually
really good it'll teach you how to write
some basic shelf scripts and and if you
have a question about Windows [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
Microsoft bought these people it should
know something about Windows
right well then I get this message from
a person on my team and they're like hey
so I have this idea aidea to delete all
the files inside of a folder structure
leaving the folder structure there and I
asked chat GPT how I would do that this
answer seems
fishy and I immediately pick up the
phone and I say do not do any of that oh
my
God because chat GPD very confidently
gave her instructions through the gooey
on how to just delete about you know
massive quiries of data that I deal with
in my job so that was the last time that
I started telling people to go to chat
on BT to write code especially if they
didn't know what the hell they were
doing already right so you can see my
levels of trust just being eroded I
haven't even talked about the Privacy
disaster that those Boos have Unleashed
upon the world I pay for a pro account
how many people here pay for a pro
account how many people feel pissed off
that you're still paying $20 and they're
training their model on everything you
talk to it about that's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
I pay money if you want more money for
privacy I'm happy to pay it but God damn
potato anyhow so we so what we're
dealing with is is that essentially chat
gtt is out here being untrustworthy with
anything you give it it's giving kind of
marginal output that everybody's out
there saying oh my God it's going to
change the world right meanwhile the
hackers get after it and we're like
making it do things and and and the
Muggles are all concerned and then the
person the people out there that should
be the the voices of Reason are out
there making these wild and outlandish
claims right I mean you got rocket boy
and and you got samman out there talking
about how he's going to put chips in
people's brains this is not helpful this
is not serious discussion I'm sorry
these people need to go away it might be
wonderful that they have wonderful
contributions at some point but get out
of the way it's distracting to the
people that are going to be helped in
the most by this kind of thing um
so um so that kind of persists right and
we all go to death comom big punch line
hacker Jeopardy was
AI right so common so so here we are at
conventional wisdom conventional wisdom
probably amongst us is yeah it's kind of
interesting we'll kind of see um
Everybody kind of retrenches back from
users being really interested in this
and users actually asking for technology
ology instead of it telling people the
technology that they should use oh my
God thank God they've gone away now we
can go back and talk about our
enterprise software we can go back to
our top down model
again that's kind of where I kind of see
things right now now a lot of people
doing a lot of work with this stuff in
this room even that's cool I'm doing a
lot of work in this on this too it's not
everybody but having talked to lots and
lots of people and just damn near every
person that will stand close to me I
think that is a fairly decent reflection
of what's out there and I think the the
level of
confusion that people have about what
the worst case scenario is in part
because chat GPT is training on all the
data right you know you never had Google
be like yeah we're going to read your
mail and we're going to give you ads
it's great come on in it's free though I
don't think people would have signed up
for Gmail that way yet a lot of people
are in here doing this um I did recently
learn that you made even more money in
setad of your own little team of one uh
which maybe but right now I just write
garbage code that I don't care about so
that's good enough for me for now but I
am still super annoyed at the Privacy
issue so I'm there as recently
as November I go to the go to law school
I teach a class on well it was a seminar
class and I talked about not AI cuz I
figured these kids were probably tired
of hearing about AI so I talked about
forensics and everything like that and
at the end I asked them what their take
was and how they were all using it and
then I discovered what the level of
discourse about this kind of thing is
and an academic setting and that level
of discourse is everybody shuts the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
up and acts like really awkward and they
don't
talk and I'm like really you guys aren't
going to talk about I was like oh right
your professor sitting there okay uh and
the other guys there so nobody's
actually talking honestly about how
they're abing this finally I actually
did get uh I I found a I think he's
maybe 14 now uh lives next door to me he
was out shooting basketball with his
with his with his brother and I was like
hey talk about these large language moms
what are you doing he's like he's like
he's like uh I don't know I was like I
dad okay here's the deal the smart kids
are using it and the smart kids are
getting away with it the dumb kids are
using it and they're getting
caught and I go like oh that sounds like
high
school so the kids I think are okay at
least in that
regard but it's it's fairly important
right I mean and people in Academia they
have their own thing they have their own
lens but the things I've been doing like
certainly any kind of we've got to just
lock all this stuff down or we've got to
act like it doesn't exist you've got to
treat it like it does nothing the
plagiarization it misunderstands the
potential of this technology when you
use it in the ways that I've been using
it over the past few weeks handing hand
waving you're like oh my God show me the
stuff show me the stuff so what happens
how did how did all this change so for
CH it just happen stance I actually had
a new project management system approved
for the firm uh for my team
and I got access to it in probably
September and I started moving all my
documentation all the notes in there and
trying to like get stuff ready because I
got this big cloud migration and getting
all my people ready to go I'm like oh
this is super cool I'll say the works
and I show it later on I'm playing with
notion right how many people have used
notion before Oh man
guys get $8 ready um so I get in there
and and and and I'm having a great time
because oh my God this is this is
software that isn't garbage right I'm
sitting there I'm rocking my baby and
I'm making making relational databases
on my phone like dude this is this is
this is crazy town but I'm but I'm like
over engineering the whole thing right
I'm thinking about okay I got to make
this easy I got to find forms I got to
do checklists you know I'm going to make
this super simple for all my team
meanwhile there's this thing that's like
hey you know no's got this AI thing and
I'm like oh God
no just no I can ignore it it's on they
give me free you know tokens or whatever
that nonsense I don't want it in part
because I can't trust it and I also know
what it's like to have a conversation
with anybody at the law firm that's
already had the appropriate lecture of
this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is toxic run
away
right
um so
um so so I get this so I get this in
there and I keep seeing this stuff and
we even have a have have a call or a
demo and I talk to somebody over there I
like hey guys I want to show this stuff
that I'm doing because I think this is
help from my team and I want to show
other people about it but as soon as
they see this AI feature people are
going to wig out and they're going to
ignore everything else because they
think everything is is is GPT 3.5 that's
going to Hooper up all the stuff and and
feed it to everybody
else and I I talk to them they're like
well we'll see what we can do and then
all of a sudden I get this message says
hi you've been added to the notion Q&amp;A
beta click here to learn more I'm like
oh God another AI Tech I click on it I
was like well that's there's the chat
gbt thing but then there's this other
model what about this what about this
anthropic thing I don't know anything
about that then I start reading I read a
little bit I was like oh that's pretty
good privacy model then I get out the
actual privacy docks for notion I get
the Privacy docks for for anthropic I
start reading I was like oh
this is a very different Go
game let's see what this can do so I run
out and I sign up for claw now I sign up
for claw Claud has been around for a
little bit Claud is now on
2.1 right so I get in notion I got my
notion stuff I'm still I bought in I'm
I'm just curious though so I called call
the boss and I said hey they turn this
thing on um the Privacy seems fine maybe
we'll give it a shot and see what we
think so I called it around my group I
was like Hey click that thing ask it a
question
oh wow that's neat it's like yeah that's
training all of our documentation no
kidding immediately well I gave it a
week and I called everybody I said okay
here's the deal that feature was kind of
here like as beta and we're now out of
tokens cuz surprise surprise I used all
the
tokens um and I said to him I was like
hey so I think I kind of liked this I
liked so much I'd pay $8 of my own money
to keep this around would you pay $8 of
your own money and to a person on my
group and I have a very diverse group of
people to a person that answer was
unhesitatingly I would pay $8 of my own
money just make sure that that does not
go away like that's
interesting um so I kind of let that
rooll meanwhile I start kind of playing
with Claude and with Claude right a lot
of this is the kind of exploration that
you probably might have done with GPT
like try to figure out how it works talk
to it see if you can make it do stupid
things but I started to talk to it about
his philosophy how it treated like like
like the like the way to Tre things
inside of there I took all of the
Privacy documentation I explained hey
I'm doing an evaluation privacy tell me
all the different paperwork that I need
to go and I'll feed it into you we'll do
this analysis and I did the exact same
thing on that and I in in GPT 3.5 and I
read a book by by hand and I double
checked that everything was good wasn't
that hard hard right um got through
pretty quick and I say I was somewhat of
a level of trust say I can start putting
stuff in here maybe some interesting
stuff maybe not some interesting stuff
but I can put more stuff in here so I
start putting more stuff in there and
I'm I'm busy right I got I got a
5-year-old I got a one-year-old I got a
one-year-old that
has well he really prefers to sleep in
my king-sized bed
so for reasons unrelated to this I'd
already kind of been relegated to the
couch for a little while but almost all
this stuff has been happening like after
I go to bed
so as you know as happens occasionally
somebody in my life will walk in and
right when I'm in the middle of
something else will set off some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
fire and I'm like oh God damn it I
didn't have time for this and it ends up
turning into something complet
completely
amazing and godamn it if Bill swear Eng
didn't open up a big [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] can of
worms by starting a single signal thread
making a lot of people mad and I was
busy that day and I know there were a
lot of emotions that were out there and
that was good we all worked well out but
I don't know if you all noticed this but
I wasn't involved in any of that and
then you woke up the next morning and
suddenly there's like this pep talk from
the old man it's like hey you guys
worked all this stuff out well here
here's an agenda for your next meeting
here's an analysis of this here's an
analysis of that get going
everybody um and then I went back to my
work and you saw the results of that
right so how did that happen and did it
was this
right and this is a good kind of factual
scenario cuz while I'm not any of your
lawyers and I'm not the lawyer of this
organization I do I you know am I in
charge of the code of conduct yes I am
in charge of the code of conduct team so
you're my lawyer no I'm
not quit trying um you and ciac I swear
to God um but so so bill has this sets
off this fire and it's in Discord I'm
like man several people were T were
typing from many times today how long is
it going to take me to go through this
entire thread of drama to figure out
what's going on because I have concerns
I have multiple concerns right first and
foremost the organization it's keeping
this together making sure that this
stays together so I've got to figure out
is there an active fire that needs to be
sorted out right
now
second are there any interpersonal
relationships that need to be mediated
because these are folks that I'm very
close with and I asked around people on
that night got messages I said hey did
you see this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] go down I need a clear
eye view of what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just went what
happened and nobody could give me a
clear eye view everybody had something
to say which was fine but I needed a
clear ey View and faced with very little
time but a gigantic context window in
claw I say what do I have to lose I'm
comfortable with the Privacy this was
it's all in public chat let's drop in
and see what happens call number member
of the of the code of conduct team make
sure they were all good with it they're
like yeah that's all good see what you
can do I get in and I start asking about
two
questions um oh first of all the DAT of
preparation I want to know what the
questions were i p them up I I got no
problem if we want to review it it's
just boring with this right cuz it's
fascinating and then and actually that
issue of the audit Trail is super
important super important going forward
you'll see why because I'll show you
what I did after I did this one so I do
digital forensics I do mobile forensics
I do
ecovery uh one of the biggest challenges
that we have right now is dealing with
short messages for lots of different
reasons in part because the software
that we've got and the legal legal
business assumes that everything
essentially can be reduced to a word do
it's a silly assumption but it's the
it's the model we work on we you know I
picted about this one I in 2008 and it's
still happening today so it's not going
to go away short messages are hard and
frankly it's probably a billion dollar
problem for somebody to solve 6 months
ago it was people were out there
actively working on this right now
talking about oh we got Solutions in the
pipeline so I break out all of my
forensic skills and I go to the top of
the thread and I start copying texts
until I get to the bottom of the thread
and I put it into a text editor so I
made sure I had it all I didn't clean up
anything not a thing and I pasted it
in and I got results that were
immediately so shocking that I reached
out to the other person on the code of
conduct board and I said you need to see
this right
now people the short message document
review problem it need his Governor it's
solved it was solved by accident and
listening to a podcast from somebody at
anthropic they solved this problem by
accident because they really liked slack
and they really liked Claude so they now
have Claude doing active summarization
of all of their stuff so that daily logs
and all this other kind of stuff that
just kicks gets kicked out of something
you can read I have no idea how hard
that is and in this podcast this lady
just like mentions it and I was like
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa back up hold on
this changes
everything so um at some point I can
well we'll talk about sentiment analysis
okay so in ecovery one of the biggest
things right now is hey we're going to
use this to identify the spiciest emails
and we're going to use machine learning
to do it we waited a long time for that
model to be
trained the end result of of of that
really exciting sounding thing ended up
being hey here's a score 50/50 greater
or less about whether or not it's an
angry email or not um I don't mean to
diminish the work that that gentleman
put into that but frankly when I pulled
it up and I saw no great great pictures
and I saw oh well that just has all of
the emails that have the profanity I
know I'll search Prof for profanity too
let's move along to the next thing
that's going to change the world and it
doesn't end up doing it um so that's
kind of the level of the state-ofthe-art
right now I pull this thing in here
anybody that wants to do this later on
or if you want me to share this in in
the AI thread I'll talk to the people
that were involved make sure that nobody
body's you know still got any hard
feelings about it but it was identifying
level of sentiment it identified people
that were insiders versus Outsiders I
asked
it one of the more interesting things
about one individual when it when it
gave me a chart kid you not a charts of
the people that were most involved in
all the conversations and whether they
were long-standing members or new
members there one mismatch and I was
like that's interesting and I said why
did you do that on initial reflection
you think oh well it's a hallucination
because all that's hallucinating it
comes back and it says this is the
language that he used that indicates
that he was feeling like an outsider in
the
situation it's a level of sophistication
of semantic
analysis that given this current State
ofth art every everywhere else was
astounding
astounding one of the problems that I've
heard people in the data science field
that are currently gatekeeping a lot of
this stuff they have concerns about what
about about how do we decide what the
sentiment is of the different stuff
that's you know the different reaction
gifts in Discord for
example giving away something from later
on but I don't care right I mean yeah
that's an issue but I'll worry about
that later on there's a whole lot of
words that have a lot of meaning that
are more important so let's not g people
all this stuff just because of
emoji all right so so I get into this
and I see this this this kind of
semantic analysis and I'm and and I'm
and I'm completely blown away and at
this point I'm like all right what other
kind of random garbage texts in Mass can
I throw to um I
take 6 months of text messages mon
my own one of the things I do when I do
forensics and I do clients and I tell
this to them anytime I get a piece of
software I do forensics on my own phone
cuz looking at your own text messages is
creepy but I got to look at somebody
else's text messages in a spreadsheet
and I want them to know that I've looked
at my own stuff and I know how
disturbing and and and how much trust is
involved in giving me all of their cell
phone data to help the company with loss
it okay
um let me tell you when you
know that this thing is going to give
you a cleare eye objective view on your
conversations that you've had with
people that you've talked to over the
next 6 months or it can go through and
identify semantics or it can give you
advice or point out things that you
might have
done that thre didn't last very long in
CLA I saw enough real fast to say I need
to go have a little bit of a thought
about what this all means to me and go
watch that that that that episode of
Black Mirror about
like the the one where it records your
entire life right so if you haven't
Revisited whether or not you said that
auto delete policy on your text messages
on your iPhone or maybe it's time to
think about doing that again cuz it's
dark it's dark when you stare at that
prompt and it's like oh it's going to
tell you everything that you never
wanted to know about yourself right
there um so yeah esoteric crises it'll
do text messages and by the way I
imported all that into a claw thread
with a
CSV that's all no fancy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] no training
I got so much to get through you got
questions I got answers maybe but later
later um so I go through and again like
Precision recall like this I can I can
verify this I can see the results with
my own eyes right talk through with
people I don't I don't need math to see
that this thing is working to see that
this is having any kind of an impact so
I keep jumbling stuff
in
um yeah uh I keep dumping stuff into
into this thing and I
take a 6-hour deposition transcript of
Donald Trump in state of New York 6
hours now I did a little bit of cleanup
it was a PDF I wrote some scripts which
boy I couldn't have done that without
chpt so say that about Miss clippy
she'll she'll she'll help me with that
with that for sure so miss help me write
some scripts and I uh we'll get back to
why I call it Miss uh so so so I get all
this stuff cleaned up and I get six
hours of testimony in there and I start
asking questions now in Claud right I
mean everything has a cap so it can't
bring in general knowledge about Donald
Trump and it was being very objective
anyway but I asked it to go through and
generate a chart displaying all of the
differing property valuations given by
differing
organizations over time for the
different Trump organization properties
and it gave me a markdown
table out of 6 hours of nothing but
deposition testimony not a single
exhibit not a single spreadsheet
literally just the words that were said
out
loud banana paints what that will do and
this thing costs $20 a
month $20 a
month
so I keep going I keep going um I will
share one thing before I get into kind
of the hey kind of stuff but but but you
can tell this at some point I I've got
like damn near total trust in this and
again it takes kind of a personal
situation to kind of push you through
that next level couple weeks ago I had a
real bad day don't need to talk about
while was a bad day everybody had bad
days right had a bad day was still still
a bad day after I got the kids down I
still had to get some get some stuff off
my chest I was like well I can sit here
and like play Destin here I could rant
at claw for a little
bit so I turned on the microphone and I
started
ranting uh complaining about the day
complaining about what happened
complaining just just let it all out
right um CLA summarized it back and sort
of in when I said what do you think
about this situation I kid you not it
cut through every bit
of stuff that didn't actually matter all
the stuff that I brought up that doesn't
actually matter it dropped it all and
showed me the things that did matter and
I felt better after I did it so I'm not
going to act like I'm something that I'm
not but in terms of if you've got a bad
day and you just got to get something
off your chest and have somebody realign
your your perspective kind of like like
calling your old man to be like hey I
got my ass kick today what do I do and
he says well you already know what you
need to
do why did you call me that's a little
bit of what of what this C thing can do
so now I'm going to talk a little bit
about how do we use this and why why why
are the things that I'm saying these
things sound like they have real impact
right yet I also said that you can just
like dump in a inmap SC isn't IAL
prompt I have start I I tried to make
this thing do things I've wanted systems
to do for a long time right like manage
my calendar and and I'm trying to come
up with scripts to like import the
calendar into this and essentially build
my own secretary but I keep approaching
it as if I'm programming a computer you
know I'm Building Systems I'm building
some kind of
process um one of the things I've
absolutely learned is that the way to
interact with any large language model
is to talk to it to talk to it with your
actual voice and there was a great talk
at Microsoft ignite by a couple guys
that do a tremendous job of explaining
how this stuff works to lay people in a
way that makes this all seem way less
scary right it shows the fact that it's
not intelligent it's just making guesses
that kind of deal one of the things got
Microsoft says it's true we're all
trying to figure out right now what do
you call these things how do you address
them is it a person is it not a person
all of that um
and in my experience you absolutely
treated like a person cuz it's tra on
language he wants to be treated like a
person he wants to treat you like person
and I think that actually works well for
both models when you're not writing code
I can't like like you guys are getting
solid results by typing words into the
keyboard keep on keeping on but if
you're doing something else
get your hands off the keyboard and
start talking out
loud
um but what I've learned along the way
and you can think about this right you
guys have you guys have interacted with
this in the same kind of fashion the way
that you properly talk to this
which all right here's the hot tap
prompt engineering is a euphemism
generated by people that can't speak
using natural language to make
themselves feel feel better about the
fact that they can't
communicate
okay I know that there are resources out
there about prompt engineering I've
looked at them I read them I'm like what
and then I went back to talking to it
and I saw the results and I'm like this
is all nonsense talk to it Put the gun
down you've got to talk to it so um but
in talking to it and even if you're
typing into it and this is where the
kind of rewiring of your brain starts to
happen what are you doing when you're
effectively talking to these things
you're going to tell it something you're
going to give it detail you're going to
give it more detail in fact the more
detail the more the system understands
why this is important and it is it knows
more about the and it gives you a better
response right um we all get email I get
email occasionally I'll get email from
somebody in my office that just has
the entire email in the subject line no
PDFs that's not going to give like
that's going to elicit a response on on
the part of the recipient and this kind
of gets into the fact that we've all
kind of forgotten how to
communicate
um after working with the systems and
iterating and understanding and getting
it back in your mind that you need to
talk to somebody explain to somebody why
it matters and and then you need to ask
it if it has any other questions to make
sure it understands and then you need to
ask it to say it back to you so that you
know that they Rock the thing and then
you move on with your
life that's not groundbreaking rocket
science or computer science but this is
the way that you talk to a large
language model but it's also how you
talk to
people and some point along the way
we've all forgot
how to talk to one another I don't know
whether it's because we have the screens
in front of us because we're so used to
thinking in smaller little
bits but when people say I
use chat GPT or I use AI to help write
email I Invision them saying hey send an
email to this person open up a health
that s and then they walk
away yesterday so I'm so so so
unfortunately I'm in the car market
again which worked out really badly the
last time that's a whole other thing um
but I got to go pick up a car so I got
to email my insurance agent and say hey
I got to get here's the VIN number for
the new deal and I'm in oce and it's got
all my stuff in there so it already
knows my my agent's address and
everything like that so it's kind of
ready to go and I get on and I'm just
talking out loud I was like Hey draft
this email yada y yada for context so
you understand what the tone is you know
Sher and I should have been my agent for
a number of years um you know we want to
keep this professional but frankly you
know she helped me out through a really
hard claim and it was really nice and
and and so make it sound you know not
totally
impersonal it spits out an email that
matches exactly that
song but CLA I don't know what the chat
GPT would do this and this is why I want
CL one one one model matters versus the
other Claud comes back and inserts a
graph at the end thanking her for all of
her help on the other
claim if I been sending that message and
I've been using my fingers to type
that all of those kinds of contextual
feelings and expressions of gratitude to
give context and help that recipient to
feel like I'm not treating them like
they are a virtual
assistant my Heavens when she called me
back after merely getting a genuine
thank you as part of an
email the reaction was
Unreal I have I most of the people on my
team are now using this in their
day-to-day lives and I've got one person
that and you can kind see the art CU
Claude has a little bit of a dialect at
least initially and I could tell that
she had sent somebody an email using
claw cuz it was extra friendly but but
sent it to a person another organization
who's fairly shy quiet
person probably somebody like like here
it elicited a response including
exclamation points and thank yous on a
Friday night when the request was to go
like do something awful but merely
because there was that little bit of
extra effort that was freed up to give
context and teach somebody about why
this kind of matters to my brain instead
of what matters to get this crap out of
my
fingers something else
there um the thing about the parenting
and this is important like if you I sh
you not if you have a small child around
I have a 5-year-old he's a pandemic kid
so because he's a pandemic kid he's
playing way more video games than he
should he's playing way more video games
to a more advanced level than he should
but here we are pandemic kids right just
like any other kid he's got problems
shutting it off and walking what we did
the timer thing we did the yelling thing
we did the taking it away kind of thing
but then you know you live with a 5y you
know you just you just know how this is
you know you're like I've told you a
thousand times but you never
listen but did I ever actually check to
see if he listened
no so I've changed the way that I talk
to my 5-year-old when I talk to him
about things that we do I tell him what
we're going to do and I'm going to tell
him why it's important and then I asked
him to say it back to me I just
literally like you are talking to an
l and the difference in the behavior out
of him is night and day night and day
right now he is at home and I guarantee
you he is in bed right now because at
this point I've gotten to the point with
him where he is responsible enough cuz
he knows that it's important to get up
to bed
and why we talk through the plan I know
he knows what the plan is so when Mom
turns off the timer he's going to get up
and
go the impact is it's it's it's it
really is hard to explain after giving
this stuff to my team first of all
through notion while we're kind of
moving through a massive change out to
the cloud different platform it's
Christmas time the cut over to do new
stuff over in the New Deal was December
15th and as you might imagine people
like to ask me questions because I know
a couple things about the system of
remov right I'm the I'm the first point
you know I'm the first point of
esanation
over Christmas break while people were
continuing to work got zero how do I do
this question
zero because all the documentation I had
for that tool was put into the llm it
was trained on something that could
explain how you do things I had one
situation where it was a new feature of
this deal I didn't know what the hell I
was doing I needed to figure it out so I
took those sections of the documentation
and I dumped it into a cloud thread and
I treated the Claud thread like it was
tier one sex support and Claude Tau
based on their documentation which you
know how technical documentation is it
walked me through how to find the right
pieces of the interface
and and when I said I don't see that
option it said oh they must not have
done it that way look in this area
instead as if I was talking to a tier
three person instead of a tier one
person merely based on the
documentation um I talked to other
parents and I turned them on to this and
and and and and every time that somebody
gets into this and they kind of approach
this with a with a Fresh Approach and
they start are giving their own data
that's when you really see the impact
and this is why I think it's important
that we all do this for our own lens and
this is why I think everybody has gotten
into a real
bunch
about the concerns about stuff cuz this
is threatening you know think about what
I just read earlier if you write reports
for a living either your job got a lot
easier or there's a lot tier of those
jobs luckily you showed up so you know
you can do this now and beat the pants
off the guy that doesn't know that's
still typing this out word by word like
an
eight I don't type anymore I'm here to
tell you I love my mechanical keyboard
but it's going to get some extra Liv I
just do not type that um but it's going
to make you think about all this stuff
you got to go you must go through this
individually and you must view this with
your own lens because the bias and the
way that it the the fear that it has now
I'm getting now here comes Lial Arts uh
how many people people have heard the
the the commencement speech by David
Foster Wallace called This is water okay
concept is this among other things that
he talks about is the sense of standing
there in line at the grocery store on
your way home from work right and how
miserable you are and how absolutely in
your own headp space you are and you
have absolutely no idea but you are mad
at the fact that Checker is not checking
the things fast enough
you have reverted to your default State
no matter how much of an empathetic
person you were at work that you were at
home that you are stressed out it's it's
annoying and you just hate everybody and
all you do is think about yourself and
look at things for your own
lens that's the way that everybody's
going to be approaching this and anytime
you read somebody else's take and you
should take my take that exact same way
realize that they were approaching this
through their own lens so if you read a
piece a hot that says AI is garbage AI
is scary and it's written by a person
writing for a a a a a a newspaper or
news
organization that spits out content at
about a sixth grade reading level hoping
that people can keep clicking on it that
guy doesn't really have a lot of
motivation to give a clear ey evaluation
of whether this can make him a better
writer or not and frankly the way that I
use this it would make him a lot better
right one of my favorite things now to
do is take bad articles about Ai and Fe
it in Quad and just tear it apart it's a
great it's very
cathar
um the one thing I want to come back to
and for the physics nerd yes I am
choosing these words
correctly when I sit and I work with
this kind of
stuff as somebody that made the
transition from being forced to write my
law exams in a blue book in long
hand
to being able to type on a
computer my grades in law school went up
a full letter grade once I could type
instead of write because it re because
it released some of that friction
because there was so much friction going
on in my brain just to make the make the
words and also worry about whether the
perhaps can read it or not and also
worry about if I'm running out of time
at that point having me type I was more
effective absolutely so I loved it pass
um but there's still that binding energy
and what I find in working with this
kind of stuff is that when you just
start talking to the large language and
you just start going you let all your
ideas out you let them go here there
anywhere it's going to distill it back
from you and it's going to help you
clarify your thoughts my
proms I last night in part for this that
didn't make the the the the slides in
part for other things was me kind of
recounting that kind of Journey that I
went on right I sat there and I gave it
essentially a 7 minute prompt just to
feed it in there and it came back with
an awesome kind of song
but let's take a look
at what this is like now first of all
after you play with AI and you show up
at a meeting where people are talking
about SharePoint and we going to put the
icons for SharePoint and you're like
dude godam that's exactly what I'm
dealing with right now ABS you you feel
like Doc Brown like like literally you
walk in and people are like hey where
are we going to where we going to put
this stuff and I'm like I'm the future
we got to get everything F to markdown
now you need to SEO your stuff you need
strong headings at the top and a good PL
name bye and I'm out um but but there is
a very kind of
kind of kind of difference here in in
what we're doing let's see we've talked
about let's let's do some stupid
[Music]
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] um in terms of semantic
analysis one of the things that I did
here uh was
uh well first of all this is just one
tumbler after another that I that I've
gotten on here how many people have seen
um
uh uh well how many people are
uh let's just do that yeah it's been a
long time I'm
Rusty all right I'm going to go through
back but now treason this turkeys be
harsh our Buzz we throwing fist at
Gettysburg set them straight going to
see if the US say stays pimped out it
was totally turned into crap America get
your bounce back
on what is
that anybody my
Suicide
no that's the Gettysburg
Address delivered by president
kamacho after you have loaded actual
dialogue from president kamacho to
Claude so that Claude knows the way the
president kamacho talks let's back it up
again yes it's the Gettysburg
Address get your bounce back on we can't
even wrap our brains around how the
soldiers rode into battle went out like
boss Heroes making Furious Gaines gave
it all up so America can rage
on up to us still draw air with nachos
Wings beer bongs no freefor all I'm
going to go smack some sense into the
Congress w
a Go Chief it'sit
perfect it's Pitch Perfect amazing so we
want to talk about semantic analysis and
you want to talk about why maybe I like
Claude a little bit more than I like g
chat GPT it's not just the fact that it
can turn me into a cross between Barack
Obama and Aon
sorin it's because it can do crazy
things with Emoji right we got this guy
out there worried about the jpegs and
dis SW
well what if we wanted to reive the if
FDR was going to give his address about
the Pearl Harbor attack but he was going
to give it
to that day of infamy for Harbor we got
played so not ye this aggression will
not stand man that's pretty got all
right all right a little bit on the nose
what I love about this slide is the use
of the Emoji in particular some of the
dark emoji and I'm not even getting
started yet for those of you in the back
this says attacks across the seas and
we're outlining what the Japanese did
Hawaii
fire it's great it's great okay
so this I actually gave this to a gen Z
person and she goes
like I'm not even offended that's
perfect this was my favorite I did go I
it did suggest that I go find an
American flag gift which I did
however the one that I love about this
is the incredibly dark nasty humor here
at the end it says Congress you know
what we must be done on December 7th
they started it now we're going to
finish
bomi so so yeah it's it's it's tapping
into its general knowledge but it
general knowledge has humor with the
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah all right so oh and
incidentally all of those slide decks
generated
automatically so if you want to train LM
to do stuff for you give it an example
I'm presenting from a thing called AI
IIA presenter IIA presenter works on
markdown and plain text you feed the
sample documents to clog you say this is
what the output needs to be he says cool
feed me some stuff and I'll make you a
slide deck and there makes it a slide
deck you save it out and it turns into
that it's kind of
amazing um all right so that was just
kind of some some dumb funs and the
other thing about this is you can learn
so much about this by just having fun
and screwing around okay almost all of
my kind of little sciency things that I
you know I'm very serious I'll back off
on it at the end and have some fun but
I'll actually like end up learning more
about it at that point so one of my
exercises I did was I did a I
actually I watched a webcast that I had
some issues with so I've ripped the
transcript from the YouTube webcast and
I fed it into into CLA and I did it to
chat TPT and I asked the same question
side by side let's see how this thing
picks it apart chat TPT Bally did better
than I thought better than I thought um
but still CL one but at the end I go
like all right now I'm done taking all
my screenshots to send
off I I I I tell Claude I was like all
right turn your turn your formality
down I'm done doing the test real talk
what did you think of all that stuff and
it gave me an analysis and I go like oh
my God not only is that right that's not
the perspective I walked in with and
it's not the perspective that I was
actually nudging it towards cuz I know
when I'm doing a leading question you
this is my business
but it steered me back to a more
reasonable stance and that was where I'm
like this is different because this is
now helping turn this into a tool that I
use to think and to analyze it's not a
thing that I use to retrieve
information it's not a thing that I use
merely to generate code I use this thing
where I I use it literally as an
assistant and I tell it you need to
draft this email make the tone different
do it this way iterate iterate iterate
use your voice one of the things in
engineering you've got to give examples
of how it can meet your tone
okay Claud in particular will match your
tone will absolutely match your tone and
it will go with you when you take it to
an elevated tone but to do it with your
voice and have that kind of inflection
and the pacing come through and it
obviously comes
with I'll show you some other stuff
there
so
um let's open up
notion because I
think I think it's time to show
that first of all if you guys aren't
using the the browser called Arc you
should it's super cool it's got a lot of
AI stuff built into it they have a new
mobile web browser where you just ask
things questions and it does a rag
process on the entire internet and shows
you the answer if you want to find out
where Taylor Swift is without leaving
any Trace in your browser history that
you actually looked at Entertainment
Weekly this is what this this this is
the solution for you I know because
that's exactly how I found out whether
or not Taylor made it back to the stakes
on on Sunday morning or not the whole
thing's beautiful I don't care I hope to
get
[Music]
married all
right oh now I definitely feel like I'm
work I was about to talk without
actually sharing my screen over there
this Escape
so a little bit of where I am now right
so so I've been through the eye of the
needle I have had those conversations
I've had conversations with people where
they're like no seriously dude are you
okay
fine uh but after going through all this
I'm thinking about the potential of it
and I've also got my kind of nerd and
security things in the back of my
mind cuz we all really want all of this
but we all really want it to be local
right you really want to be local you
really want to be here you really want
to live there worst case scenario you
running on on a sery in your house and
maybe you're sitting there and you're
thinking well I'll wait for that right
Tim Cook's got to have one more thing in
his pocket for
WWDC
right uh yeah I got I think it's
coming but then I got thinking about the
level of trust that I've established
with this kind of thing and the level of
trust that I think it's earned at least
on the fact that you know the Enterprise
is using it for all this kind of stuff
but then I also get to thinking
about
my what it all means right one of one of
the things I've always gotten into is is
is is as a broken nerd like the whole
productivity por thing right mean I've
got I've done getting things done I've
got a tomato timer I've got all my stuff
in the Johnny I've tried to find it all
none of the words it's all just a waste
of time and distraction um but this is
different because it's not only creating
kind of that external brain it's an
external brain that you can talk to and
you can interact with and and I went
some through some stuff like like well
my my car got robbed from me in my own
driveway the day that I brought it home
uh it was a long it was it was not a
good time still taking medication for it
um but I've had my brain messed with
right I've gone through that kind of an
experience where you are absolutely
going through a lot you are pushing
yourself as hard as you can you cannot
keep up with anything and all you
desperately want is somebody to tell you
what to do where the thing is where all
this
is my grandmother passed away during Co
in a nursing which was very sad I was
very bummed out about that because of
course it was during Co so we didn't get
to do all those things but my
grandmother had allhe so one of the
reasons that it actually ended up being
a little
bit harder I think was also realizing
that I'd actually lost her a long time
ago and her Alzheimer's came on suddenly
and very quickly and I'm sitting there
and I'm thinking and I'm holding my baby
and I'm like you
know if I can trust my client to into
this then why the what am I doing like
like to sit here and wait for it to be
able to do this for obsidian if I leave
here and get ahead in worry I actually
want everything in my life in this thing
right now to help myself if something
happens tomorrow and I establish the
same level of trust that I can put my
stuff in there and frankly I kind of
feel like everybody here
we've all got brains and they're all
brains that are that are held in shells
that are a little bit fragile both
physically and and emotionally maybe
more fragile than you think and
preserving that information so that you
can continue to function as a human
being oh as we all get old or bad things
or unexpected things happen or you get
kids that are going to get older you can
say hey all you have to do is ask ask
Claud he'll tell you who you're supposed
to call um little stuff right I mean d
dumb stuff like I'm looking forward to
the fact that I'm going to see a weird
bug in my garden and I use my phone to
identify what it is and I look it up on
the EPA label to see what rate I should
use and then walk directly into my
garage and spray it that's the thing I'm
going to be able to do this
summer
um that's that's kind of deep right uh
what else can you do I keep talking
about Big Stuff Big Stuff uh let's show
the big so at this point I'm doing two
kind of Fairly interesting project
man I think this was my first time I
should probably just twist this around
or
Transcendence okay so I won't go into
all of the specifics again about why I
believe that Claude can be relied on at
least not necessarily an expert as a
lawyer but at least as kind of a casual
resource um I actually went through and
everybody's going to preach this through
their own kind of lens I work with a lot
of people with means does anybody have
any concept with the family office is in
this
room if somebody has a family office
okay doesn't matter any of the cards if
they have people that do nothing but
manage the family money yeah they got
money but this is how people with mean
structure the people around you right
you have trusted advisors I have human
advisors right I've got a financial
advisor of course I do am I going to
replace them with Claud no but what I am
going to do is I'm going to take
advantage of the
200,000 token limit in claw and I'm
going to dedicate one thread of that to
do nothing but discuss my grass with a
virtual George
Toma how many years do you think that I
can of data and discussion about my
grass and how it's changed can I fit
into one thread and how much like okay
you know a little bit about aromy here's
the rest about aromy that you need to
know about my specific GRS right so got
one set up for that I've got one setup
that's kind of the overseer right and it
looks like a company but again this gets
back into the whole treat these like
people really treat them like people I
started working with Joan Joan's my
dayto
day incidentally it is uh Hey anytime
that you go into Dolly and you suggest
that something have a figure that
resembles Joan from madman you probably
have a 40% chance that it's going to
content filter that just period so uh I
worked with Joan and um I discovered
that L are B at time and really I want
one assistant that knows what I do day
to day to day to day tell me where I
want to go and I'm trying to come with
this Byzantine kind of nerve process
about do this kind of export and do that
and I'm like no dummy hey Joan you're
fired
write a memo to your successor outlining
everything we talked about today and
fully prepare them to take over your job
and and make sure that they know how to
treat me like you do right now and it
spits out a memo I feed it to the next
day and upspring new J so if you want a
daytoday assistance literally like a
secretary that says and I did this the
other day I sat down at the beginning I
was like okay Joan here's my calendar
and I got swimming lessons tonight so I
need to you know make sure that I stop
so that I can get ready for that about
3:00 I go like Joan it's 3:00 I didn't
get a damn thing done today what do I
have to get done right now and Joan goes
like you've got swimming lessons tonight
you need to go gather up the stuff and
it said the stuff includes goggles and a
towel I had forgotten that we lost the
goggles and I needed to go find new
goggles so personal assistant yeah it
works the whole structure is kind of com
but a lot of this relates to the need to
to retain knowledge over time even with
a context window is big as clawed you're
going to lose or you're going to be
having enough of a back and forth that
it's going to just kind of get a little
janked dates times are real bad for that
so I built an entire structure I started
by creating a mission statement
okay all this time I haven't even as
[Music]
all
right
what is the mission
statement so I start with one bot and I
say hey I want to start I I want to
start a company that does nothing but
support my family I want to start a
family off this and a grounds Keeper's
office and it drew it drew out a
corporate structure for me Drew out a
communication plan and I'm running like
a staff of small people if you want to
be a leader in an organization and you
want to talk to people about how do you
keep people in the loop that's how you
do it right this is business schol in a
box um just from an organizational
perspective um I got everybody kind of
kind dedicated to certain things uh and
that's working out fairly well uh the
joone thing is pretty is pretty slamming
and I'm moving all of my stuff in here
so this is this work in
progress but then and this is when the
problems happen is I'll get an idea and
now that I have ideas and I have cheap
Ai and I have chat gbt I can do stupid
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so one of the things that all of
the lawyers want to do is replace West
law in Lexus Nexus right
why cuz they suck that's the other thing
anytime anybody brings up like a user
says I want to use AI on this program
what they're really telling you is this
program is garbage and I never want to
use it again because I think maybe an
llm might make it suck less um so they
all want to replace Lexus and Westlaw
I'm building my house in my life and all
of my knowledge into this
llm wonder if I could actually replace
place
was so I go out and I start grabbing
open source copies of statutes and what
I did was I wrote a very simple script
Le simple because I did it so it has to
be
simple
um I had to go start pulling codes like
titles of the US code like an entire
bookshelf where the statues kind of
thing 18 USC is where 18 USC 10 look
everybody knows ATC 1030 right computer
great it's like it's like the official
statue computer
hat um so I grab I I grabb Title
18 and in the same script I converted
all the markdown and then I literally
just feed it all
claw and then I go in and I'm in notion
and in notion you guys have seen the
kind of especially your notion User it's
got these kind of auto fill fields and
stuff like that you're like yeah I don't
know well it turns out that you can
actually run those on an entire stack of
data so I took the entire 18 USC and I
ran this against it and it's now tagged
everything based on what it believes the
the area of law
is I've got it matched up with its
original source and it has a summary of
each statute there already in a
table I paid $8 a month for this
$8 if there's somebody in here that's
going to talk to people about tokens you
have to go talk to people about tokens
when they know that they can go do this
for $8 a month that's a problem for
somebody that's not me I hope they come
up with a way and I hope it's not paying
by the
token um because also part the results
of this kind of thing speak for
themselves but
now I'm not going to type it in I will
share these in
Discord you probably start a tumbling I
can asked this thing to explain to a
5-year-old what money laundering is and
it'll do it one of the funniest things I
did in the last day was I had to explain
to my 5-year-old the consequences of
stealing a toy car if I happen to take
that that that stolen toy car sell it
and then take some of that money and buy
our house with
it okay that's called civil asset
forture because I use proceeds of a
crime little Timmy there are
consequences to your actions and this
was able to explain it using that
analogy to a 5-year-old based on nothing
but its prior knowledge it's commanded
the English language and statuto
language the emails that I can draft
already based on this to help clients
help interpret stuff I mean all of your
all whackadoo ideas you come up to me
you're like hey what about this I'm
going to be able to so much more quickly
um it's really amazing but the thing I
find most shocking about this right now
why the conventional wisdom is so far
off from the reality is I you know I
keep getting marketing materials and I
keep hearing vendors and people in the
middle being like oh this is the year
this is the year I got one for one
vendor where it's said this is the year
that AI is really going to be
implemented we're really going to make a
push for it and at the bottom paragraph
it said oh yeah we're going to try to
figure out some way to deal with those
short message things
and I'm like guys they're the same thing
they're the same thing
so where where where where does this
kind of end let me end with kind of
where maybe one example
of something
I so one one of these evenings I go
downstairs and I just had an idea
about technical gate
and the fact that technical
Gatekeepers traditionally sered a pretty
fair pretty fair role but because large
language models are really reflections
of the work that somebody puts into and
their utility as a reflection of exactly
what what goes into them our traditional
model in
technology of the great it Department
comes down with a list of features and
benefits and gives you some incremental
change and the user needs to say thank
you is about to get turned on its head
it's very soon people are going to start
finding out that this exists people are
going to start asking that question
again people are going to start making
demands they're going to start asking
why are we holding this up um this kind
of a bottom up approach is a little bit
better so I go in and and cl I really
used it just as
a an inbox right I just want the I just
wanted the thing out of my head so that
I could sit down and I can go play Des
and it kicks back this thing and it
throws back you know in the summary
another one of these issues about
reliability and it says before you do
any of this kind of Technology you need
to sit there and you need to you need to
go through a lot of empirical evidence
you need to before anybody can rely on
this you need to have F score and
precision and recall and all this other
kind of thing and I just get pissed off
I'm like listen I've heard this for
years right I've been trying to push
techn ology to lawyers years and years
and years part of the problem we doing
this again this is why everybody's got
to do this
themselves I have been there trying to
prove to people that they should try new
things based on meaningless
data the same data is used to build and
test forensics ecoc Discovery programs
today that existed in 2006 as the bush
emails and as the anog emails none of
that stuff resonates with
anybody so anyway so so I get mad and
I'm like no this is nonsense I start
fighting with
claw and one of the arguments that I
make along the way with claw is I say
listen Claud I understand that
your understanding of this is colored by
a lot of
the initial writings about Discovery and
how you Discovery should work with a lot
of assumptions about the way that it
does work and I said Claud let me give
you a little bit of
perspective most of
these yes could can we do a last call
yeah if you need boo go get it now
yes
so I totally lost so I start arguing
with this thing and it starts making
this argument about prision a recall I'm
like prision recall what are you talking
about I fed this deposition to this
thing I can read it with my own eyes
right I ask this thing to to give me the
VIN number for my car I can see it I
don't need somebody with a data science
degree to come in and tell me whether or
not this works or not and frankly in the
law we have standards for establishing
things like about how effective it is
right we as a society right now have
decided and have for a long long time
that we will kill
people based on nothing more than the
opinion of 12 people that could not get
themselves off of a
jurk right so I am absolutely sorry when
I see the impact that this can have and
and it's I I didn't show you a lot of
the impact of the on people legal
analysis because it's not going to
resonate with you guys but trust me when
I say that I showed two partners and
partners said things like that's better
than the associates I have working for
me they said things like why haven't I
seen this
yet um they come away immediately
impressed I see absolutely no reason why
Amazon web services who is financing
Claude should not give access to Claude
in a total to every public defender
office in the country a
immediately we need to find those areas
where we have subject matter experts
that we know how to evaluate the results
that once we sit down and we start using
these things and we start approaching it
in the way that we approach research
before I didn't get into this but part
of the problem we've got right now is
everybody thinks the research is typing
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] into into a search box I learned
that the way that you do legal research
is you go get the books you make copies
of the cases you care about you make a
copy of the statutes you care about you
read them you put them in a file you
read them again you summarize them and
that's your work you keep it all right
there if you do that right now it's
totally defensible because literally
it's the same thing we did with paper
except the analysis better right now
there is no reason for anybody to be
gatekeeping this
in any capacity in many instances and we
need to identify those some instances we
need people that are going to fight
because it's going to be really
important medicine totally important
that you get that right cars I'd rather
not the car crash that's
fine but we can do a lot of good without
being perfect right now and it's
critical we start identifying those
areas and getting the stuff into the
people that that it matters okay think
about that thing that I've got there
with with the advisers right I can tell
you that I'm getting incredible advice
from all of them and when I show up to
talk to my financial advisor the next
time he better bule the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up cuz I'm
showing
okay
um that level of sophistication and
support and Analysis you think about Tak
any subject you want to learn about and
go through that process of having chaty
talk to talk you through stuff it might
be not be accurate but you're learning
something there in Bates County Missouri
right now uh not too many county out
here it's where I've got my family's got
a little bit of ground out there got
some other members that lived out in
that kind of area very underserved by
Broadband until this year this year in a
rural area in a rural elri Coop you can
get gigabit in the asle of nowhere where
you can't get a cell s and if you're
sitting there and and and and you're
dealing with a public school district
and the resources that are available to
them and you're relying on that to get
you to succeed in life the combination
of broadband plus this kind of thing is
going to change lives absolutely right
now and today so it is critical that we
stop getting in the way of ourselves and
stop getting in the way of change start
trying to figure out where we can do
some impact get this stuff out there
make it free make it available and
absolutely get out there and change the
goddamn world I come away from all of
this with a newfound purpose of why I
get up in the
morning I talk to people and I see the
positive impact I I talk to people I
work with and I see how much more
effective and happier they are you guys
can see how effective I am holy cow I
couldn't have done this for this long 6
months ago I feel great but that process
of working with your thoughts and
expressing your thoughts in that kind of
messy way and then seeing them reflected
back to you in a way that kind of
verifies you're not crazy in your head
you might sound like David Foster
Wallace in your head but you got good
ideas and here they are in a list take
this and run with it but then also to be
able to Pivot and take that kind of
passion and take being pissed off about
about that kind of thing and immediately
turn that into a slide deck to go take
to somebody and go push some
change I'm you know everybody got a
thing everybody's got a thing they give
a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about you everybody's got a job
that they got something that that that
that sucks go find the way to make AI
make that go away and go solve some
bigger problems cuz this is a big chance
this is a big [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] chance so
everybody needs to get out there go sign
up for Claude I'm not endorsing anything
but you should sign up for Claude talk
to Claud talk to CL until it gets you
into an existential crisis if you start
feeling weird you can send me a message
if you start seeing it do weird things
and you want to share things with me
send them to me in my DMs I have I have
subjected other people to this and I
want to hear other people have their
minds blown too but let's get out there
and change the goddamn world and instead
of maybe think about how we're going to
break this let's think about how we're
going to build the things going to solve
the problems and we're we get out there
and we start interacting with language
again and you start reading words that
are above the grade reading level that
we've been reading at which is Twitter
and at best the New York Times my
Heavens if Brett Stevens is the model
for for acceptable journalism we're in a
bad spot but when you work with Claud
what I found is that Claud will meet you
where you are at at the plus about two
grade levels and you read and I think
that the act of even though it seems
silly with it being procedurally
generated I think the act of watching
that makes you more engaged with the
language it makes Mak you retain the
information better it helps you work
with your thoughts and crystallize your
thoughts and it gets you
better in many ways I've heard somebody
else actually said this but I think it
is so good especially in light of that
the interaction I had with my insurance
agent all
things she said that when she works with
Claude because of the way that it ends
up kind of reflecting her own language
and reflecting her own thoughts back to
her
she finds that Claude almost becomes the
best version of
herself because it's objective in many
ways it's understanding it's empathetic
you guys will understand what you what
this all means once you start talking to
it and you see some of this language I'm
here to tell you this shit's real and I
think we really can't go out and make
some effective change so get out there
and do
it so in the words of General Patton all
right you sons of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] now you know
[Applause]
eventually they're going to throw us out
but I will take a question from the from
the gentleman in the in this in the half
first of all thank you so much for that
I have two questions the first one did I
come off like an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in Discord no
okay and the second question when you
were showing the the the the different
personalities that that you had at the
pictures was that CLA or was that no
what was it that's that's a very good
question it all does get very confusing
uh let me let me see if I can pull this
back essentially what I'm doing I pull
it up essentially what I'm doing is I'm
using notion to organize clae threads
right so each clo thread is an
individual Persona and because you've
got so many once you start doing this I
kid you not it helps to name them
and when you talk to Claude Claude will
explain to you that Claude is actually a
genderless name and maybe the first time
that you tell Claude you're going to
call it Joan you have to say I
understand your genderist but I'm doing
this because it helps me keep it
straight and then cla's like oh
that's there's a there's a
summons and sum summons and I I believe
you're you are summoned away from the
mic oh no is it being taken away or am I
being summoned for something getting the
hook yes yes
I blame that guy I got done before his
it was his question I love you but we
have to we have to close
now all thank you
[Applause]
everybody