and then you know maybe some not so
quality ones I'm not sure but we are
presenting you an excellent opportunity
to ask them questions burning questions
I have some questions of my own right
here there are ok questions okay you
don't want me to ask those but I'm gonna
sweeten the pod I have a prize right
here for the person in the audience who
asks the best question in the panelists
vintage unborn Def Con 23 shirt right
here whoever whoever and asks the best
question from the audience gets this
shirt unfortunately I only have one size
so if you're extra large you're better
off so let's get it started
I'm Justin Ferguson most to many of you
know me I run oh one from Kansas City I
new deficit cop stuff yay I'm gonna ask
each of our panelists to give me a two
sentence bio of themselves tell us which
team they're on and tell us what it
means in one sentence to be on that team
go for it I guess I get this story
alright my name is Erin Scantlin you
guys have seen me a lot tonight
Caesarion on the Twitter's if you want
to make me feel better about myself I
would describe myself as a 60 year old
man in a 30 year old sis Edmonds body
and a pretty okay guy I work on the blue
team I actually worked out at the
University of Missouri Columbia campus
and
I don't want to hear that to describe
blue team and one man just defending the
network and I don't think you're gonna
get many interesting definitions on blue
team I bet red team will be the more
[Music]
[Applause]
hi I'm tribal okay Lauren Johnson filler
on Twitter it's gonna hit me of multiple
identities it's a problem I'm a
self-described cat lady slash incident
responders / senior analyst / I talked
to see / a lot of different things
incorporated into a computer detective
I love sick KC and I'm also not Julie /j
v said that tonight Norman why Jeff ugh
even though confuse our usernames all
the time I am on blue team with can't
guess and blue team to me is
Preventionist nice detection is a must
and in my opinion log analysis is sexier
than popping a shell from some of
I'm analog am Mike Yelland 20 years
inexperienced of security working
everything for playing trains
automobiles boats currently security
officer and research head of research
for rape and I locally also an adviser
to three other msps and I help run
b-sides so a Eric Ian also known as
Chioda on slack Twitter and everything
to do pen testing for an internal
company here in KC and then what it
means to be a red teamer you know we
like popping shells they like to give
I'm Brian how hard twist I guess I'm
technically Red Team the most part I do
happen network assessments my goal is to
help my clients do better job at
securing their stuff not just you know
rubbing their face in it so well I'm
I'm on the best team the red are
protected out today and red teaming is
now I really can't say anything yeah I
just I had stuff all righty well we got
that out of the way so let's start it
off
I think awesome had it leads me into a
great question over there
why is red team best team and why is
North Korea best Korea I'm not answering
that second one okay I think red team is
the best team probably is it's a lot
easier than being on the blue team I
will admit that because I just have to
find one thing that they get wrong and
they have to make sure everything's
right all the time
so how about a retort from the blue team
why is blue team best team purple team
is best team okay so I guess I should
have said if you've got a question if
you want to try and win this t-shirt
just walk up here and ask wave at me
because I can't say anything so you got
the purple team is a combination of red
teamers and blue teamers working
together to reach a common goal so it's
better if you're not just saying hey my
job is to look at our site all day and
protect my client or my business and
thereby I am the greatest person in the
world because I'm a glorified cop it's
also not a great thing if you come in
and say look I know how to own you guys
because it's really easy to see if no
firewall someplace he's not going to say
that either but when you're working
together you can get their perspective
they can get our perspective and you can
reach better goals quicker faster I
agree okay well in order to drive even
more questions I just had a impromptu
swag delivery up here so I've got some
raspberry PI's to give away to in the
meantime let's start with did you have
something to say yeah I was gonna say
blue team's the best team because when I
work for my company I don't get anyone
I can sleep at night okay so ask that
question do you you favorite list so
let's start out with this one because
this is always fun war stories what's
your best story about an on-the-job
interaction with the other team and we
have got no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] red team and
education for you to meet I thought all
the students were the red team we do
have one red team I guess I should say
he's a new hire but is it sort of it's
sort of a new thing for us I don't know
I mean it's a fair question and thing I
guess the worst thing in recent history
I mean quick show hands even though I
really can't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] see any of you how
many of you guys and to match some of
these Cisco IOS smart install
vulnerabilities in your environment I'm
going to assume at least one person has
raised their hand I think that I see two
hands okay so the rest of you better go
Pat you have the rest of you have Cisco
switches [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get on that man
assuming you have smart install running
anyway I think that was we recently had
a really good purple team engagement
with that so we used some of the
publicly available exploits that were
out for those switches and we tested our
switches I mean one what's a better way
to figure out if you're vulnerable to
something than to try and exploit that
vulnerability and of course we didn't do
any damage or anything but just again
verifying whether or not that is there
that that was a really
I guess you asked for a war story so I I
didn't answer this question well at all
but but now you guys know how our Cisco
patching went okay how about the red
team all right so I think one of my
favorites is actually pretty recent we
did an assessment and we just tore the
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of this app and when we went to
presented the team was so excited to
learn about how we did it that they
actually asked us to train them on how
to do what we did and when the blue team
asks hey we really want to be able to
redo this and not only ever be able to
anybody else I do a lot of industrial
controls as well as things that with
wheels and I can tell you the probably
the best blue team red team purple
experience probably has to do with the
fact that we have non-typical industrial
controls there blue team is actually
engineers or mechanical engineers
electrical engineers people that
facilitate things in buildings and in
cars and whatnot so to take a standard
purple team I'll put it that way because
they're their blue team with red team
attributes and how we address things to
be able to take that have similar
responses of train us on how to look at
our electrical systems differently train
us on how to look at the data pathways
that maybe a bus system that actually
converts UDP and back over to tcp/ip and
how that's a flaw within our system when
you make a train stop at 35 miles an
hour on a track unaltered so I would say
greatest successes and war stories is
actually having that that connection
between what we consider typical
engineers and then network engineers or
security engineers there's a huge gap
right now with IOT industrial controls
on ICS because the two don't talk and
there's an eight month engagement and
well worth it we learned a lot about
their systems and they learned a lot of
all righty great answers so I got nobody
stand up here to ask questions nobody's
got questions okay yeah get up here he's
gonna win if no one else comes up
exactly I buy the ball
I say bunch of questions now okay this
is good ask away so I was playing the
odds and now I have defenders anyway
based on current state of play and your
guys's war stories do you think that the
Red Team Blue Team distinction should
exist or should it all be purple team
because based on red team war stories it
seems like what you did as red team you
should then follow up and let those
people know how they could remediate
those vulnerabilities and that kind of
thing based on blue team's story it was
kind of red teaming your own stuff so
should there be this you know
black/white distinction or should it all
be purple team going forward I'm gonna
take that I think there needs to be a
distinction primarily because there's a
lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to learn even just in blue
team you're talking log analysis
infrastructure power analysis there's so
many different domains that if we keep
it separate it'll be a lot easier for
people to get really good at things but
having a whole security program and I
think that's what when I talk about
purple team I'm talking about it a whole
security program so you have a whole
solution where people communicate not
just separated and having that purple
team mindset so blue team if you guys
have built a lab at home I know I talk
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on Metasploit but launch Metasploit
look up at the wire shot
Wireshark logs there we go look like
similarly if your red team figure out
how to patch something before you work
your way around it
and learn how to ship locks to ELQ you
mentioned things like security program
and when we I mean I'll refer to slack
and miner debate those going on the
other night just because of one but the
route is where does blue team end is
that really defined within a security
program and is it just a security team
that's working for a corporation or is
that actually go all the way down to our
common call centers
you know that have attributed access to
be able to change passwords and and
update things so I guess the real
question is is I mean yes should the
very delineation but is blue team really
scoped is broad is Red Team Red Team has
every tool out there that they possibly
can use from a corporate standpoint what
are the tools that were limit to as a
blue team is it because I'm a sysadmin
isn't my firewall admin or is it because
I can change passwords and where does
that security team actually extend out
to or is it the three guys that sitting
next to the NOC that can go hey I've got
uploaded and we're good you know so I
would really look at not necessarily
merging the two but enhancing probably
the scope of what a blue team is because
quite honest the other side of the table
they got Google's right they can go look
for anything that was a no day or
whatever drop guests are and they're
successful we have to counteract that
and do we have the right people or the
right departments in place to help us
gather to tell I'd like to hear the Red
Team rebuttal to that one well well so
I'd like to add on to that I mean so I
think for all blue team in a way right
like our one job is to protect whatever
we're trying to protect and the reason
why we have a red team or pentesting
team what-have-you is to find those
flaws you still got to work together you
still have to you know collaborate and
figure out what went wrong but I mean
roll we're all trying to do one thing
that's to anything secure so but there
needs to be a difference between a red
and a blue there always needs to be a
red tender always needs to be a blue
I guess I mainly I agree with what
Lauren said that we do need the
distinction for the purpose of training
and expertise but I also agree with what
Eric said in that we the ultimate
purpose of a renting is to help the blue
team improve right and the the benefit
you get from drawing that line is that
we can say hey we're gonna test your
system without giving you any
information and find out if you're
really defending against everything and
if you are highly sophisticated if your
blue team is highly sophisticated you
will stop most of the threats right most
of the attacks but where the purple come
team comes in is when you have
organizations that aren't as
sophisticated that they want you to walk
alongside them and help them understand
hey what are you sending to my network
what should I be looking for that kind
of thing so to answer the question in
the end we're all working to the same
goal so in the end no it really doesn't
matter but as far as the specialty goes
and the level of training that's
required to specialize in each of them
is it's incredible I mean even the three
of us who are red team we have vastly
different specialties right so you can't
expect one person to be a special
specialize in all those different things
so yeah good answers two seconds well
I'd say I think it's easier for cleats
for this this point of view is that red
teams and blue teams isn't just an
ongoing stance because the ongoing
aspect of what we do for a living
is to
protect things on both sides of this
table right but if you're in a
situational or a exercise right well go
back to you know military or blue team
and DM Z's and red team's all came from
is that the specific test that you're
doing at the time does have a blue team
and does have a red team right to claim
that I'm a blue team where all the time
yeah I'm more purple to claim a red
teamers a red team are all the time and
probably more purple you know the
reality is is when you're in a
simulation or in a point to counterpoint
situation where you're testing your
side's I think there still needs to be
that delineation the report afterwards
we can call it purple for the red team
I'm just wondering if there's a lot of
errors better if so I was just wondering
if there's a vulnerability that when you
come across it you just get as giddy as
a schoolgirl I really like seeing Java
deserialization bullets I see a lot of
those and it's like instant shell into
the system and I know I'm on the inside
like right away and it's like really
hard to patch I know
and so it's like very rarely will they
be patched especially if it's running an
older version of Apache or some some
kind of old Tomcat but those are just
fantastic sometimes like I'll even start
scans out just looking for invoker
servlets across all their domains just
that one service up and then it's like
favorites but I guess my favorite is
actually like directory traversal
vulnerabilities just just because that
you need to be able to figure out the
layout of the server with liberating and
everything and being able to view files
within a system that you know aren't
supposed to be there it really is like
okay I can see a lot more than they
really wanted me to and then can lead to
other things that lead to really
understanding what system you're trying
to uh text boy yeah on that one like I
like those two because they show up as
like info or lowes and most scans even
though when you actually have someone to
look at them manually sometimes there's
like SSH keys or passwords or config
files like they actually need to turn
out pretty cool hey yes so as the blue
team have you ever had any issues with
people on the red team on the red team
have you had issues with people on the
blue team what kind of issues just just
in dealing with you know I'm the red
team where you're like presenting the
issues do you have people with on the
blue team that then you know try and
discredit that yes but your job as the
attacker is to prove without a doubt
that what you did was achievable right
and you should understand the business
that you're performing the test and and
be able to explain the business impact
so just like he was saying if you have a
directory traversal and you have nothing
in it yeah it's an info but if he finds
SSH keys that's a critical rips great so
yeah you're gonna have those push backs
but your job is to be able to explain
why the risk is the risk the only issues
I've ever had with anybody is other blue
team people or internal IT people who
you know when red teams are presenting
their report usually they give me clear
evidence or
don't usually like look I'm smart enough
cookie to get this I can either go get
the logs or you can show me what you did
and usually the fight is with internal
IT Yong why I say you need to turn off
SMB version one right now and they don't
believe me coming so my favorite I guess
this probably comes up more than I think
it should but and sometimes it's great
because it's happened to me before we
like we've scheduled a pin test and like
their security teams well aware it's
gonna happen and it's like a month out
or something and two weeks later we
start getting emails from them that
there's a web server down and asking if
we're testing it and it seems like
anytime anyone finds out there's a pin
test going on every network problem this
place has ever had it starts to become
these pen testers Falls well no I was
going to ask have you ever had a sloppy
or red teamer completely break your
internet my one thing to that is that my
Nessus scan shouldn't shut down your
network there's like some other issues
if my necess scan from one host shuts
your network down yeah he's got safe
and I do and it still breaks okay so I
want to extend them that a little bit
there is a rare phenomena that if you do
rent team long enough that you get
blamed for legitimate breaches that
happen while you're doing an assessment
okay and that can be a really big
problem because you have to go back and
prove that you didn't touch that box at
that time and it was actually a
legitimate attack that happened that
caused that server to crash so you know
that could be a problem to document
everything when you're testing yeah I
think the only other thing we really see
that is there can be the red team's
fault is like if they're running a scan
on something that is vulnerable like
real bad to like sequel injection we can
just like load up databases with junk
that's why we try to usually get them to
snapshot the database or make a copy or
that's why we try to test in dev
environments is because sometimes the
tool is just while they're attempting
things we're going to just fill these
databases up with just a bunch of junk
data but more than a personal question
would any of you change which team you
support and why and do any of you
believe in what the other team stands
for
yes I was a blue Timur for a long time
and I actually joined the red team to
become a better blue Timur so eventually
my goal is to go back to blue team and
help build a really badass security team
so yeah I think the grass is always
going to be greener on the other side I
think that if I were to you know
tomorrow get offered a job on a red team
I would really enjoy it for a while and
then I think I would slowly find you
know the things that annoy me or
whatever just like I do here I I guess I
don't know that I would ever really
switch but I guess I would I will always
want my knowledge with you I guess I
hate to go back to this but purple team
stuff you know making sure you you can't
know how to defend against stuff if you
don't know how the attackers are using
it so there's definitely value and
always obtaining knowledge of either red
or blue team stuff I don't know I think
I like blue more though to expand on
that now because it is super saturated
right now every kid and their
grandmother who went to Community
College or a four-year college or is
coming out of high school wants to go in
red team because they saw mr. robot and
also because I don't like a company
defining what my research standards are
so today on blue team I'm probably
strong purple I do a lot advisory for
other blue team's truth be told red team
to me is diagnostics and data input
knowing how my systems can maximize and
what their thresholds and what can
handle and what it can't handle versus
patches versus execution so to me they
play hand-in-hand would I change sides
no I'm about building things and
operational red team it's a one time
instance to validate what I've already
built so I'll probably always be a blue
team or purple by heart but red team
gives me the information that I probably
don't typically look at or an abstract
view of what I felt was designed or
architected
we're red team is more than glamorous
and exciting side of cybersecurity
you know mr. robot and all that jazz and
blue team is more than like the
political defended monetary side when it
comes to you like your superiors and
getting them to take your
recommendations for faces
which side do you feel like is more
influential when attempting to get
systems actually fixed blue team is
glamorous only powder blue tri teams but
okay so let me ask you this how many of
you have ever played with passive DMS
programs just raise your hands okay so
you're missing out some really cool [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
that's not portrayed as glamorous
passive DNS is awesome it is and in the
problem is is that you cannot encompass
it in a fifteen minute movie montage or
YouTube clip because it takes a lot of
work I've got the original blue team is
glamorous Oh getting buy-in from
superiors I would argue that it's easy
on both sides but it depends on who the
person is presenting you always have to
give evidence and and also like red team
is often portrayed as glamorous is
definitely
like just reading all the manuals from
the install logs and things like that
that we hope the blue teams didn't
actually read all the way through
because they're so poor you and it's
definitely just hours and hours of just
banging your head against your keyboard
getting nowhere anything for it I hope
you really like writing reports I mean
you guys just don't sit around with your
hoodies with your thumb holes the
package [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up all day okay
serious response to that question though
I think it depends on the individual
organization and the make up I guess how
security is treated at that organization
so speaking from higher education you
know again generally speaking we don't
have a red team we are we all hide it
self identify us blue teamers so look my
boss has to listen to me complain about
all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's wrong in my
environment every single [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] day if
I can get someone external to my company
to come in and tell how bad our [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is
and if they'll listen awesome often
times you know they're they're seen as
extra professional opinion and they put
more infant impossibly that's because of
how glamorous it is portray you know
they possibly because they just see us
day in and day I don't know I mean it's
like what any like sport like offense is
always like more glamorous than the
defenders because they just don't get
the big plays and like no one's writing
blog posts about how their firewall
blocked this one attack
it was like a long attack chain that
sounds all awesome just because like
they don't the winds like a totally
different things so I think that's just
it's really hard to portrays exciting
Aria so for this is primarily for
boomers I think I know the answer from
that previous one what is your favorite
source of data if you could pick one I
know in the end to use all but what's
your favorite DNS underutilized
underutilized by blue team over utilized
by a red team and there's a lot of
serious threats out there especially if
you're not implementing DMS over TLS
overlooked protocol in my opinion I
really like open file shares inside
networks it's amazing what people throw
on those if I had to pick one
information source I would say network
tap of my network on the edge because
then if nothing else I can at least see
everything that's going on whether or
not I can actually do anything about it
yeah or or translate that information
again I don't know it is hypothetical
do I don't we not get Google anymore you
know if I had to pick one thing it would
be that the 100% visibility at the edge
and ideally on the inside too but I'll
it's kind of an extension on what Ryan
said but printers printers are the one
thing that are never locked down
ever and you find a lots of interesting
stuff on them
now with the tap in the full packet you
can turn on check out my a-v you can
take out my log so you can take out all
the things that I bought and put in and
strapped onto my network to say I'm
secure you can't change the packet and
if I identify what you're doing with the
packet source destination and your
payload I will counter-attack all right
so red team or blue team you both have
to interact with people that you both
have to you know get them to engage with
you what's the what's the best way that
you found to have people pay attention
to what your your talent purple team you
know what you're talking about
and don't be s because people can spot
it from a mile away you say one thing
that's stupid wrong and they stop
listening forever in addition to that I
have a philosophy I call it the D bad
philosophy D bad stands for don't be a
dick it turns out if you're not
addictive people they tend to respect
you more this is an excellent piece of
advice in dealing with anyone red blue
and I think like recently William trying
this too is like face-to-face
communication I think a lot of times
there is some like just because you guys
talk to each other over the phone like
the red team and the blue team talk we
like scope something out like they're
more likely to just like escalate things
that normally wouldn't if you had just
met them and talked with them like
normal people in a room and I really
think thanks to face helps out a lot
situations I have to agree with that
core communications makes it a lot
easier if you try doing text messages
emails or flat reports you're gonna get
to you're getting a Red Team Blue team
which is not what you want in that
meeting reality is is the other parts of
your red teamer I don't care how you pop
shells if anything that's going to turn
you off you come to with a bunch of FUD
it's going to turn me off I want to hear
how we're gonna solve this together you
providing a report and my team being
able to counter or be able to show where
we think you're wrong or maybe we have a
second avenue of remediation
this shouldn't be adversarial if you're
being a consultant here during red team
on the same side and if your blue team
on have an open mind guess what your
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ain't that perfect right you know I
mean somebody's found a crack have an
open mind yeah I would agree I want to
say also that I mean offer advice right
like you want to like help them and
actually have a discussion like rather
than you presenting and being the one
person speaking the whole time like let
it be an open dialogue let it actually
be a discussion as to what can we do to
fix this and the one thing gonna add is
we really try to avoid using
inflammatory language when you're trying
to describe something so don't say you
your team [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this up you know and
that's why we were able to get in or
they're a bunch of idiots or something
like that you know they just explain
what the problem is
and explain that you're trying to help
improve things rather than trying to put
the blame on anybody good answers so we
got four people in line I'm going to cut
it off after those four people so that
we're not just running forever let's get
some more questions it's probably one
team team than red team but what is your
favorite story of where you brought some
evidence to managers and told them this
was going to happen they blew it off and
have a lot of examples I'm trying to
think of one that won't get me fired for
sharing
yeah this is the problem with that
question well well so for my de red team
perspective right I mean like let's say
something gets released on Friday and
it's some crazy CVS that's ten score and
you try to presented to the business
like hey you know this is pretty bad we
should fix this and I kinda well
something exploded yet you mean we might
have some intelligence that is being
exploited in the wild or whatever in the
new weeks go by view before getting all
set to pop Equifax let me tell you a
little story about a small company
called
Boeing I have some very contrary there's
some very controversial opinions on what
happened with Boeing primarily because
I've seen it happen in many of my
clients with repeat pentest
over the last year and a half obviously
machine but here's the deal the patch
has been out for a year plus now it may
be VC world so there's no excuse because
you can get that on your phone attach
everything you can and honestly
defense-in-depth is an old concept at
this point if you're not defending your
networks at the perimeter or segmenting
your networks you need to do that and
obviously Boeing wasn't as bad as it
could be it didn't hit their corporate
network it just hit their manufacturing
network but the same kind of thing has
happened with several my clients with
repeat pen tests over the years we say
patch eternal blue okay I patched my VIP
databases we're good
oh wait Jim from sales just got back
from Beijing for eight months guess who
didn't get a patch because of the Great
Firewall of China guess who just got
access to your corporate network and
guess who has no av install because you
know he was in
so small words of advice based on your
experience as a crew red team and blue
team and all of these different entities
I should work that what are the things
that should be that you see as a common
problem at the organization's if you've
worked at I should that whether your
blue team look at log analysis malware
or pen testing when you're looking at
bulbar these that those that work in a
song environment or work in for me3
management cetera should look at proving
to make any more secure my biggest thing
that I see just like from the attackers
perspective is these companies go out
and spend like crazy amounts of money on
products like a ton of money and they've
got two people that work on their
security team but one of those products
could hired like four guys for multiple
years at least and they'd be a lot
better off than having these poorly
barely implemented million dollar
products that they bought so just a lack
of like understanding that you need
people to even look at any of these
things you bought and then to be able to
implement them I'd like to see people
well I guess I'm gonna be good because
you'd have more people working and yeah
I would say along those same lines
communication is probably the biggest
thing that that could be worked on
depending on how large your organization
is a lot of the components that in a
smaller company a security team might be
in charge of those duties might be more
distributed so I get a lot of funny
looks from vendors whenever I tell them
that our networking team is the one who
is in charge of the firewall I know
[Music]
but if if you can communicate with those
other groups that because let's be real
I mean there's there's security aspects
to every job if if you're dealing with
computers period whether you want to
admit it or well none of you guys
probably wouldn't admit it but whether
your system admins want to admit it or
not security is something they should be
considering as well so the larger the
organization the more teams need to work
on communication with one another and
and I guess a Korell area that would be
documentation as well because you don't
have to talk to my ass if you'll just
write it down and I can read it that's
fine to draw me a picture that'd be
great I agree actually that both
probably when I get pulled in to consult
it's one of those two things one either
we have a ton of shelfware
and we spent $300,000 on the swamp
deployment for our one man guy that is
Active Directory deployment the network
admin and the help desk and he's gonna
collect all the logs and make sure that
we're not getting protected or getting
attacked and then the other side of it
is is the it always frustrates me when I
come into an organization and we've got
Network team server team app devs help
desk call center DBAs and they're all in
these silos and security is this like
weird thing is still over here of
elitist alright and and we look down on
them or we're not included in the
conversations reality is I think we've
reached maturity or lose out hope our
industry's reaching maturity the
security is a foundation of everything
we do if I deploy it to a server
I probably add it in the most secure way
if I deploy a switch I do it the days of
slinging boxes and going the vendor said
I was good and have a nice day I think
I also just want to say I've never heard
the term shelfware before it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
awesome I'm gonna use that I have three
points really quick I'll make it super
fast
number one is internal IT fighting
against security or vice versa that's
got to stop
I had one client who said that their
internal IT refused to put a span on so
that we could monitor their network at
it definitely wasn't that though and
guess what they got breached 14 days
later no record of anything his logs
weren't aggregating number two is blue
team burnout this is a topic I'm very
passionate about and I don't have an
answer to solve it but number three kind
of goes into scope and duty creep we
have a lot of people doing a lot more
than they should be
for whatever reason for a lot less pay a
lot less time off and a lot less clarity
so if you're in management one of the
best things you can do especially for
blue team people I don't know about red
team
cuz I don't do that is defined clearly
what your analysts are doing and limit
what projects they're getting pulled in
on because I've been on HIPAA meetings I
have nothing to do with HIPAA and that's
six hours of my life the last month that
I lost so as a strong believer in
weaponizing your users didn't even
training as well as bug bounties and
some bug hunters saying they're earning
more money doing but of bounties and
actually being on a team or going you
know white hat do you feel these bug
bounties which can be great for a
company threatened ready team from
actually being needed no the thing is
we're the bug bounties the people who
make all right
so the people who make all the money off
the ponies are the people who go on
showdown and search for the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
vulnerability and they go and pop them
and they report them and they're looking
for scraps right when you hire an expert
Red Team they're using their creativity
primarily right we use a lot of the same
tools and yeah we'll use that
information make sure that you don't
have anything the lowest hanging fruit
out on showed in it right but in the end
that is not what you're paying for
you're paying for somebody to use their
brain look at manually look at all of
your servers trying to figure out if
there's a vulnerability there that
nobody ever thought about right so in a
lot of the cases we're doing custom
exploits he's talking about
serialization vulnerabilities you know
in those cases where it's a it's a
custom path that you had to figure out
the protocol then even explain it
right so no I don't think bug brownies
are yeah and also we haven't even talked
about the inside yet either right I mean
bug bounties are just external they're
just whatever is on the internet but I
mean you still need a red team or a pen
testing team to start doing the internal
[Applause]
I'd like to comment and that is not the
anger and I feel like I've been unjustly
sorry I feel cheated
should I feel like Cory wouldn't stand
for this really quick on kind of what
Archer said even though I'm blue team
this kind of goes in line with the red
cell emulation I don't know how many of
you saw miters new Caldera tool Grimm's
crossbow tool which is like a month
month long pen test that's automated and
you can add modules and yeah no one's
gonna know and hack your network like a
person is going to and no one's going to
be able to roll with the punches like
person is a program is a program and
nothing will ever get rid of that bug
bounty Society anything like that yeah I
guess I feel a little bit different
right
I do think like bug bounties somewhat
worried me and that they can like
crowdsource a pin test essentially and
like I get one week to do that and the
company has to pay me X amount but with
bug bounties they can ask a hundred
people to do it and they only pay them
for results so like to me I get that how
it can be a little bit scary like oh man
am I out of a job anymore but then you
think about all the companies that are
not going to be willing to just let
anyone off the street into their
networks a lot of bug bounties are
unauthenticated type testing and so a
lot of companies also want to know what
authenticated type testing is and the
bug bounties have very specific scopes
for a reason it's because they don't
want just random people coming across
the wrong stuff or at least inviting
them there and so I think like the whole
red team and pin testing is going to be
around just for all those companies that
are not going to be willing to let
anybody do it I mean obviously any
company at all times is letting anyone
hack them or they're trying to prevent
that
yeah I guess I see that the privacy side
so well I'm gonna throw something in
here because I know I'm supposed to be
an impartial third party or not but if
something else that I just ran into with
a client of mine was bug bounties are no
replacement for a pen test saw secure
software security assessment where they
have access to code they have access to
internal infrastructure things like that
I had a client that was incredibly proud
of themselves for implementing a bug
bounty program but they stopped doing it
in or they stopped doing internal pin
tests in favor of bug bounties and
there's no comparison between the two so
I think bug bounties have created and
it's our origin I think I had a purpose
but reality is now as an excuse to have
crap code right if I have crap code
because we don't hear about no days and
privatised buttbounce until it's the CIA
it's in the news and we attack China
with it right what we hear about it the
fodder that's out there to say yeah I've
got crap code in my application I'll pay
10 grand to fix my code right and great
you can crowdsource it too you know our
standard or our acceptance for products
to be delivered in a fashion that's
acceptable insecure has lowered and bug
bounties was a countermeasure for that
are there security parts in there that
we can address yeah but the majority of
the fodder that's being released just
comes down to crap code and it was
easier to pay off a bug bounty than it
was to hey suck it pay someone to
[Applause]
all right I got it I got one last
question yeah yeah you shouldn't you
guys should definitely take the shot
will still never forget being at Def Con
and watching kids go down the elevator
yelling shot shot shot-shot-shot it's
melted scope I know it is there's always
shots alright so my question if I cannot
trigger the speaker you almost have to
be onstage is about the the compensating
controls so one of the effects after a
red team and blue team exercises
generally that the company the the group
that you have orchestrated that I
measure with hopefully they have the
blue team on on their side and you red
team them or it was a whole coordinated
education effort well they've realized
they have failures they realize they
have issues that need fixing sometimes
you can't fix it dontoh also means a lot
of times so what are your current
concepts from red team and blue team
about compensating controls how we live
and breathe by them how we leave them in
place and maybe forget about them so
I'll sweep from a blue team standpoint
there's plenty of ICS right now that
medical devices of utilities doesn't
matter we'll to say IOT that still runs
on XP and we can't patch the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and we
can't fix it but you can do a risk
assessment and it's identify the threats
that address it so if you have to have
an XP system that you can't patch you
can't fix and it holds the keys to the
kingdom
you can still drop it in a zone take it
off the internet minimize exposure limit
who can log into what can follow general
best practices as to user access and
ability to vlog and respond to anything
that touches that ungodly XP system
sitting in the corner control
all eastern seaboard utilities right but
the point is is you can take controls
you don't still throw your arms up right
and just because you have to have a
legacy system doesn't mean you stop
there either and unfortunately I see a
lot of that there like it's ice cream
you can do another there's a lot of
we see those boxes and we find da's
logged into it and it's just like what
where there was no need for that why did
you do that and it's just yeah I mean
there's like there's so many different
like you don't have to fix that specific
home but you can segment it you can take
it off the domain even and have an or
set up a separate domain that doesn't
have the trust going back up to your
root forest and I just think there's
always a compensating control and it's
better to like at least identify where
those risks are so you know what you
need to be looking at you can set up
better logging and at least know where
your assets are that are potentially bad
and you can't fix and do something about
them besides fixing them at least get
them off your normal networks one of the
aspects about this question is is
truthfully how do you track it so you
know be a meses or koalas that you have
the vulnerability but how do you
actually age that that system that
eventually hopefully you get rid of and
how do you make sure that management is
all right the answer thank you thank you
kill Jim higher education is a lot of
compromising for better for worse so in
other words it's the Access database
essentially when I ignore that
essentially if somebody high in a high
up enough on the food chain complains
loud enough policy is going to be
circumvented for that individual now
that being said and this might be an
unpopular opinion as well I don't think
that there are many situations where
even when an exception has to be made
that you necessarily have to have an
insecure solution maybe less than ideal
certainly but there's I mean there's no
one way to skin a cat
there's at least a dozen ways to do
almost anything in our field right now
really part of implementing compensating
controls is figuring out what the end
user needs to do and how they can do it
and in working with them on that I don't
know what compensating controls means to
be honest it's it's an exception but I
will say the asset asset management is
your best friend
before you go put carbon black on every
single endpoint you have in your
environment because they do have an XP
agent wink-wink nudge-nudge
purchasers make sure you know what the
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is on your network if you don't
know what you have what the it's an
unknown unknown you're screwed the more
visibility you have the better you work
with internal IT the better you're gonna
be okay I'm gonna go ahead and cut this
off because I mean these have been great
answer and we're gonna we're running
late on time so I
one more question that I want to want a
quick answer from each of you on so
taking it is not the question you're
thinking of are sorry taking the common
answers of persistence and curiosity off
the table for a moment what one trained
skill or nugget of information do you
view is the most important for a future
red or blue team member read windows
sysinternals before you do anything hike
creativity and if I only get to choose
determination don't ya try murder we've
said persistence into two other ways so
I'm gonna say self-respect and the
reason I'm gonna say that is so you
brought out the burn out a little bit
earlier burn out it is super real
I know particularly on the blue side
maybe on the red team as well I would
imagine it habits but burnout burnout is
really serious make sure that you aren't
bending over backwards for your employer
every day of the week you should know
you should be taking breaks you need to
be sleeping each night yes I sleep take
take care of yourself okay if you don't
take care of yourself you're gonna
you're gonna [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up with everything you
do job or not fungi find out
that's a great place to leave this
conversation you take care of yourself
Brian Eric Jim my oh fail Lauren and