awesome so please give a warm
[Applause]
welcome is this working yes hi my name
is Emily brino really excited to be here
in front of you guys tonight very
passionate about information security
very passionate about getting women
involved within information security
yeah I am not a public speaker but I'm
excited I actually am an account manager
with tech systems I work in our
information security practice who is
familiar with tech systems here oh a lot
of you okay I love it so for those of
you who are not familiar with tech
systems we have been in the Kansas City
area for 25 years we are in Professional
Services IT services company
specializing in talent management
Professional Services and
Staffing so the demand for Information
Security Professionals has increased
everyone here knows this in some way
you're involved with with security we've
adapted with the market at Tech Systems
I represent our information security
practice we have a nationwide reach I
focus here in the Kansas City
area majority of my time I'm talking to
Information Security Consultants
managers and sea level Executives some
of you in this room I've blown up your
phones I've blown up your LinkedIn try
to get a hold of you and that's what the
majority of my day really is our
discussion is surround ing the state of
security Nationwide and in Kansas
City a lot of our clients they're
looking for the top talent managers here
I'm sure you can attest to this you're
not looking for the first available
consultant you're looking for the best
available consultant it's very difficult
to find in a market like this I don't
know if you know but 80% of jobs go
unfilled 80% of information security
jobs go unfilled that's a staggering
statistic and it should be terrifying to
everyone in this room whether or not
you're a consumer or if you are involved
in the hiring process I'm sure some of
you managers don't want to be a part of
an organization where 80% of your jobs
are going unfilled that's very
scary um so a lot of people would like
to know what the market is looking like
I'm getting questions from Consultants
who want to break in to the information
security Market people who are already
in there how do they make their jobs or
careers or managers a huge question I'm
getting is how do you attract and retain
the top talent the answer to those
questions really lie when you take a
deep dive into what the market is
looking
like so over the last 5 years the demand
for these professionals has increased
three and a half times faster than any
job in it that's huge it's increased 12
times more than any other job so this is
good news for those of you who are in
the market right now if you're looking
for aob job there's absolutely
opportunity it's not really good news
for managers and directors because you
want to retain the people that you have
on staff I'm going to address retention
later but right now I want to focus on
what the mark Market is looking like for
employees and for
employers so on a national landscape
we're looking at 177,000
professionals that's including those of
you in this room the 177,000
professionals number it in comp is
people who are working people who are
looking for jobs if you can believe it
there's actually
223,000 job openings that is insane that
is a huge gap in Talent there's a huge
void right there so some companies are
making steps to fix it but we're we're
not doing enough so for employers this
increase in demand also leads to the
retention issues as well in Kansas City
the market that we're living in those
statistics mirror what we're looking at
on a national landscape so we did just a
quick search on Career Builder for a
security analysts so keep in mind that
these numbers are for security analyst
titles only this isn't for security
Engineers this isn't for risk and
compliance professionals this is only
for security analysts there's 1,300 job
openings there is only 160 active
candidates on Career Builder so we know
from our research that only 16% of
security people use job boards to get
their next role but these numbers
absolutely mirror the national
landscape a lot of these Consultants
they're living in Kansas City and
Overland Park we did some research on
where the hot bed of talent is and those
are the two cities that hold the most
people you're seeing the least amount of
consultants in the lewood area Raymore
Blue Springs my hometown Oly Summit not
really representing very strong in the
information security
professionals a lot of you who are
hiring are looking for people with 2 to
3 years of experience or 6 to 10 years
of experience there's only 7% of
available Consultants that have 2 to 3
years of experience and these turn the
microphone off these people actually
take an average of nine months to find
so it's a pretty difficult find if
you're looking for someone who has this
2 to three years of experience and from
my personal experience I think that this
mirrors what we're seeing a lot of
consultant a lot of clients rather are
asking for people with more experience
because they're building out their
environments so in a few years I think
we're going to see the trend move
towards looking for people with less
experience as these environments get
stood up and get more
mature a lot of people in Kansas City
that are active professionals have that
6 to 10 years of
experience something that I found
interesting was when we were looking at
the percentage of people who wanted to
relocate only 9% of people in Kansas
City are willing to relocate to other
markets I'd be interested to know the
why behind that I think sometimes that
it's because of barbeq and the Royals
but that's just because I'm very biased
towards those two
things so I want to touch on a couple of
Statistics regarding ladies in
information
security
yes ear I mentioned that there's only
17,000 active Professionals of that
177,000 people only 10 to 15% are women
it's crazy so you're making a very small
Market 177,000 of all the jobs that are
out there and you're making it even
smaller which is women in
security if you're an employer here a
good takeaway from this discussion would
be what are you doing to get more women
involved in your
organization I know for tech systems we
have a women's ERG very involved in the
community we get involved in other
women's ergs as well and we're another
thing you can do to encourage women to
get involved in security is exactly what
you're doing right now which is
attending groups like this ladies night
I'm sure Britney from AMC is going to
mention this but we do have women in
security Kansas City which is kicking
that so there's a huge push to get women
involved but as old always we could
always be doing
more so I just wanted to give you a
little bit of snapshot of what the
landscape is looking like nationally and
then on the Kansas City level because
that's what's most important to the
majority of us sitting in this room but
I do want to address those of you who
are looking to break into the security
field it's difficult a lot of people
that I talk to are graduating with
degrees and they want to know what can I
do to get hired what can I do to get
hired and I feel your pain so we pulled
some data from Gartner some statistics
from them and what they're looking to
happen in the next 3 years is that
there's going to be a huge push for
people who have a well-rounded computer
science background and I'm not saying
you don't want to specialize in a field
of security I think that's very
important to be a subject matter expert
and own what you do but I think in the
beginning you need to have a strong
background we're looking for those topic
Specialists but in the next 3 years the
demand is going to grow for people who
are technically saby very well-rounded
it will really increase your
marketability is anyone familiar with
John Stewart over at Cisco do anyone
know that is he is the at John Stewart
at
Cisco yes no so he had a couple of
things to say about the Gap in talent
that this is not going to be filled
overnight it absolutely won't it might
not even be filled in years but we need
to take steps towards filling that Gap
yeah and it's only going to be filled oh
I think I know what this is yeah so
Casey we have a tradition that if this
is your first time talking you to T shot
and your friend Trent has given you a
shot
gave
it
wow jeez thank you Trent and thank you
for the death
conure if you want to see me at Defcon
him I'm just
kidding um so I think I was talking
about the Gap in Talent it's going to
get interesting after
that
um but we do need to dedicate ourselves
as professionals to getting people who
are currently working up to speed and
those who are just entering the job
market getting them those necessary
skills even if universities were pumping
out graduates that were interested in a
career in
infosec we and they're not doing that
but even if they were we still wouldn't
be able to have the amount that we need
to fill the the job
void a lot of people are graduating with
just book knowledge which is wonderful
please don't get me wrong here some
people might get this might be a
debatable point I think that book
knowledge is very very important but I
do think
experience is even more important than
that we're seing a lot of graduates who
have degrees who have all the book
knowledge but by the times those books
are published that information is out of
date the information the new information
is just turning over at such a quick
rate I suggest for people who are
graduating with no experience be a
student of learning consume information
your goal should be to know as much
about information security as possible I
am huge on podcasts I love the
healthcare information security podcast
exploring information security it's easy
to listen to when you're getting ready
when you're driving to work for someone
who is not necessarily technical like me
they really dumb it down for you I love
that Twitter is great um blog post
someone in this room introduced me to
the hacker quarterly which is a great I
don't know if you guys use that
2600 yes that is a great resource I've
gotten a lot of information from that so
there are resources out there if you
want to get experience and really just
stay up to date staying up to date
really is crucial to your
marketability another one is kind of
interesting I call this the hallway
track so what you guys are doing tonight
is fantastic you're at a user group
you're sitting you guys better be taking
notes because this is valuable
information
but the best way to learn is to take the
hallway track so it sounds kind of funky
but what that means is you can go out
and talk to the speaker in the hallway
and you can learn more from your
conversation with the speaker getting
involved than you can just sitting and
taking notes and I think you can employ
that in the workplace as well you don't
want to be a Wallflower you don't want
to just come in do your work clock in
and leave that's not what you want to do
you want to connect with people in your
office who are influential who are
passionate about information security
and make your intentions known maybe
you're someone who's working on the
desktop and you don't quite know how to
break into security be vocal I cannot
stress that enough ask for what you want
whether it's in your career or whether
it's in your personal life you don't get
what you want if you don't ask for
it another huge point is relationships
relationships are key you need to
connect yourself with a subject matter
expert someone who knows the market who
knows who's hiring ing knows who's
firing hopefully it's not with your
company someone who knows what the next
Trends are someone who can give you that
information that you don't already have
it's huge they are going to be integral
in the advancement of your
career so so far I've detailed the
security landscape within Kansas City on
a national scale and what that means for
Consultants or people trying to break
into the role now I want to speak
directly to managers C Level
Executives and I want of talk about
retention so I know I mentioned earlier
that 80% of information security jobs go
unfilled because there's so much
opportunity a lot of people are trying
to jump they're trying to leave so with
tech systems we have best practices
regarding retention how to attract
people how to retain them we have a
whole process and I would be more than
happy to speak with you about this after
the talk but I'm going to SP some
Secrets right now so get ready for that
um only 22% of people are truly leaving
because of pay for financial reasons
when I first heard that statistic I'm
not making this up this is from Gardner
this is true information only 22% of
people leave due to financial reasons
now financial reasons a lot of things
factor into pay it's years of experience
it's what type of certifications you
have and by the way cissp holders how
many of you are in here yes so you guys
are very difficult to find takes an
average of 9 months to find a cissp
holder and they demand on average
177,000 more than the average consultant
so a lot of things factor into pay it's
difficult industry financial Healthcare
it's all across the board but what we're
truly finding why people are leaving is
because they don't feel challenged so
managers challenge your people find them
training that is
huge some PUSH Pack that I hear from
people is that they don't want to to
provide training because they're worried
if they train their employees they're
just prepping them for the next guy to
poach that might be true by advancing
your people's careers it increases their
marketability they might want to leave
you but they're going to leave anyway if
they don't feel valued now on the flip
side Consultants you need to ask for
training you have to have those poignant
conversations saying hey I don't feel
like I'm getting what I need out of you
how can we collaborate to advance my
career it might be awkward but in the
so I know I threw a lot of information
at you guys a lot of statistics about
the market and how you want to keep your
job make it your career but the biggest
advice and the biggest takeaway I can
give you guys is connect yourself to
professionals who are just as passionate
about information security as you are
relationships are key knowledge is key
and if you remember that throughout your
career you'll be fine and my information
is up there I love to talk I really do
sometimes not always in a public setting
like this but this has been great it's
very good for me um very passionate
about security I would love to have a
discussion if you have any questions
I've got a lot of information more
detailed about salary averages breaking
it down by position love to be able to
provide that for you I'm going to be in
the back over there after this talk but
I would like to open it up to questions
if anyone has anything for
me and I did talk about participation so
are you
yes you set up a GoFundMe page for
that I think you need to say that a
little bit louder repeat the question um
any questions about my talk right now
have you set up a GoFundMe page for
death I haven't done that yet but that
talk anything else surrounding the
market yes so say I just graduated from
college and I've got a degree in it and
I'm ready to get a job how how long
would it take on average to be able to
find a job in this area so that's
something I'm going to have to look back
on is how long it would take a new
graduate to take a job I know I
mentioned earlier someone with two to
three years of experience takes
around 9 months longer than anyone else
uh I don't think I mentioned this but a
lot of the clients that we've been
working with are just building out their
security practices so a lot of the
attention is dedicated to building out
these policies and procedures two to
three CEOs this year are going to lose
their job due to data breaches I don't
know if that's what the case is with
Wendy's but you don't want to be the
next Wendy's you don't want to be the
next Target so a lot of the attention
right now is focused more so on building
out environments and then in the next
few years they're going to be able to
bring in those people who are just
graduating with degrees but to your
question I would advise you to get an
internship and learn as much as you can
about the environment that's a good
question what salary ranges are
currently available for like
a cyber analyst 1 2 3 senior that's a
good question as well so we're seeing
for security analysts that average
salary is 84,000 but that is actually
10,000 lower than the national average
but cost of living in Kansas city is
coast yes um what are you doing I guess
what is Tech Systems doing uh in order
to Spur interest among young people and
women and women that's good so I had
touched on the women's ergs that we're
doing very involved with our Tech
Systems ERG and interface is anyone
going to interface
actually yes all right so we will be
there all day at interface and then I
should have mentioned this earlier we
actually host a cissp study group at our
office every other Monday if you have
any questions about that you can ask me
or Mark W but everyone is open to that
so young people those who are more
advanced in their career it's something
about any more
questions if you have more questions
feel free to write down my email address
phone number I have my LinkedIn our
Twitter please come and talk to me I
appreciate your time and thanks again
thank you Trent for that shot and the
wonderful all right thank you Emily
question and that was an awesome