can everybody hear me okay I can't hear
myself so maybe you guys can hear me
perfect thank you okay um so first of
all it's nice to see that there are a
lot of women out here if you didn't
notice at the beginning there's a MEAP
meeting which we're all used to so it's
nice to see that it's moving towards a
little bit of the mvt meaning for the
women that are out there and you are
interested in a women's group we do have
the women in security Kansas City these
two lovely ladies in the middle nicole
and Melissa they can help you out they
have information so if you're interested
please see them so that's a little
cephalus promotion for me participation
I would really like some participation
you're welcome to haggle you're welcome
to challenge me have a free ball if if
that sháá happens to come out it will be
going to people who participate the
yeah good choices guys okay so quick
disclaimer the pictures of my
presentation may have absolutely nothing
to do with what I'm talking about feel
free to ask questions anytime and then
we'll get rolling um so what this is is
how to create an environment will people
come and talk to you most the time in
your field you're probably wondering
what in the world is out there you're
hunting it down you're finding things on
your network you're wondering where in
the heck they came from and who gave
them permission to do then so this is
about how to create an environment where
people come and tell you and hopefully
they
tell you before they put it on your
network so were you always the last to
know anybody anyway why do you think
people don't want to talk to you you
smell them yeah they may be in turn
dated by your infinite wisdom oh the
last guy was mean that's true Engineers
hate you he always know I t does always
say no so let's talk about a few of
those one I didn't hear with segregation
how many of you work in one little bitty
cubicle space with your own little team
yeah how many of you work in a sock you
are not able to get out and learn
anybody in your company what they do or
what's going on unless you integrate
yourself with that so they want to come
and talk to you they don't know you why
was it you want to go in talk to you we
heard of this on a lot no no no no no no
no that's how you do you don't know what
they want they don't know you why in the
world would you give them extra
permissions I'm not going to no one and
talk to you if you're going to say no
I'm sure many people have heard the
quote I'd rather beg for forgiveness
than ask permission right and once it's
on your network and the business has
started using it how hard is it to get
off of your network
you're you're going to struggle with it
you're going to have your marketing
people say no absolutely not we use to
social engineering stuff to let we can
we can get people in we can get
information so once it's on there it's
hard to get off you're the best business
obstacle so let's take for example
two-factor authentication right to be
secure its heart usually have to put
some controls in place usually want to
work around those controls why in the
world would you want to go to two-factor
authentication if normally they can just
click in get right into the network be
good to go on the flip side of that now
you're going to enable to factor they're
going to log into the computer and then
holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] i left my phone in the car i'm
going to run out to the car i get i
tried in a cape it fails then i got to
go back in and relog in again and you
hear it all the time so you're you're
that work around your the extra step
that they have to take they don't want
to take that step once again beg for
forgiveness and then because of our
segregation because of our jobs we have
no idea what other people do no idea
so how many people here know the way
that their lawyers are exchanging
information with their outside counsel
okay more than I thought how many people
understand how people are getting
treasury reports from your outside
company back and forth who they're
sharing that information with how they
need to share hell are those files are
what systems are required to do that any
money if you don't understand the
business and you don't understand how
it's running how are you supposed to
provide them with a useful product how
are you supposed to tell them yes if you
don't understand what they're doing so
how do you change it how do you go from
being your company's no guy the person
that they avoid all the time the person
that they don't want to speak to to
their best friend to the most popular
guy in school the people that they want
to come and talk to and tell all the
company's dark secrets to how do you
switch it up and become that person k is
a very good option I actually thought
about brain candy to encourage the
participation but then people would have
to go to work soon or explaining why
they got beginning with the sack of M&amp;M
peanuts from a pregnant lady up front so
I didn't do that can't is a good option
for lunch and learns that that's another
good way that's a way to get your name
out there too so they can start talking
so be clear about what they're doing
their intentions so that way they
understand so let's talk about a few i
think that are super helpful today nice
become best friends with the people that
you paint most so that one person that
that's running around and it is making
your life miserable that's the person
that you want to seek out those are the
people that you're going to find that
are going to talk more about you and
press and spread your work so let them
be your advocates learn their names
common courtesies learn names learn
faces learn what they do when you see
them and they provide you something say
thank you even if its opening the doors
have them associate your face with a
friendly face so that way they get to
know you a little bit better they feel
comfortable talking with you you can
start creating those relationships if
they send an email to your group and
it's a really dumb email it doesn't
matter it's from some random prints of
Zimbabwe and you look at it and you're
like okay they sent me this email it
also went to about four or five other
people send that email back to them so
you see all of those people at the
bottom and say thanks Bob for sending us
this phishing email we really appreciate
it you are the first one to let us know
about it Bob gets the kudos he gets feel
good about himself and everybody on that
CC line is like damn I want to be the
first person its brand rights it's the
natural bragging rights so say thank you
publicly and put it in a way where
other people say okay this guys getting
recognition I like a little like to make
them feel like their input is important
and that what they're providing you is
making the difference to the company and
when you add those people to the line
other people see that to other people
like to be involved other people like
that recognition so bring them in let's
try at home the other guy you love
there's the people that make your life
what it is you gotta do you gotta do it
does if you can tie a message back to
someone's family and say if you click on
this link your children's medical
records are at risk if you click on this
link your private photos are trestle
that is something that they're going to
remember and they're going to take that
home and they're going to tell their
family about it they're going to tell
their kids about it hopefully they tell
their elderly parents about it that are
subscribing and giving away money every
month but they're going to take those
same actions that they learn to do at
home they're bringing them back to the
office and they're going to appreciate
that because they're in a feel that you
help them keep their information safe so
think about how you can link it back to
these guys that we may may not the most
product but we love satin Lincoln on
your knees and ask people to teach you
what they do sit down and talk to them
about their daily ins and out who they
interact with what they do what files
are important to them what are the size
of your files are they sending videos
back in for
do they need pictures back and forth I
deal in a retail space that deals in
movies files are huge huge so they may
come up maybe email is not a regular
option for them what can I give them to
do their job learn their job because if
you can't learn their job you cannot
provide them a solution and this goes
back to being the answer man once you
know what they're doing you want to
provide them with a solution that not
only fits their job but something that
gives them more than they had before so
if they couldn't share files before
maybe you have some kind of solution
that hey has security baked in and then
also allows them to the job to do their
job that they need to do if you
understand what their job is and who
they talk to you may know that hey maybe
some an HR has the same responsibilities
of someone in Treasury they need to do
the same thing so I can provide them the
same product so not only did you provide
them a good product not scalable I don't
know if anyone's coming to any situation
where you give someone a product earth
they went out and got it more likely
then it comes to you because now it's
it's too big their whole department is
using it it's too big we're trying to
share stuff we can't do it anymore and
that product is not scalable so they
have to transfer everything that they
were doing to a new product to a new
process it's time consuming for them it
sure as hell frustrating for you because
one you didn't even know it was out
there but if you know what they're doing
and how they're doing it you can provide
a product that works for both
organizations and it can be something
that's scalable to your entire business
so think about that whenever you go and
sit down
you talk to people think about exactly
how they're using it who they are
sharing with it sharing it with and why
they're even doing it really discuss the
why if you take the time to do that once
again they will come back to you and
they will say hey this person took the
time to understand what I did they made
me appreciate my job a little bit more
they gave me a solution that worked for
me that could do more than I could do
before so next time that I go to do a
project we're going to go talk to you
not the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] through cubicles over
they gave me the stupid product that I
had to review two years later down the
road especially when I found I had some
licenses that were attached to a network
super pricey they're going to come and
talk to you because you're provided in
the product that made their team work
better that made their job easier yeah
so we have a tradition here at set kc
row and that when you talk to the first
time you can fish up and to put some
great pictures up this sprite shot oh
it's bright and eager shot you to assign
didn't ok hmm I'm going to go with this
gentleman here in the Franks nobody's
right oh we love the gentleman to where
Oh
two tiny sips Sharon just sold me out on
that one okay next play politics it
sounds horrible doesn't it don't you
hate to talk to people and you hate to
get in their business you hate dealing
with that guy that's always talking
about everything i knows everything
around the office but use them use them
to your advantage manipulate them to
become your spokespeople so think about
the boss is sure you got the guy that
always walking around the office that is
the best at everything period he knows
the most about every topic that's going
on that's a guy that you want to say
thank you to on the email that's the guy
that you want to say hey Bob you are
number 1 i'm reporting this step because
bob is going to go around and say I am
the best out of reporting security and
he is going to talk it up he's going to
say how awesome he is and then another
eighty percent of the people that hate
Bob are going to start reporting it
before Bob so it works play all day Bob
also you want to look for the person
that's always in everybody's business
they knows what somebody did that that
weekend that that like to get all the
details and the invite inside
information you want to make them still
feel very special that they know what's
going on in your group because whenever
they go to get coffee in the morning
there's friend for you they're talking
about it so fun that person that's
that's super nosey that wants to be in
the know that thinks that they know
something that new
one else that there's no lady that's
bringing cookies every day everybody
loves that late everybody is talking to
her every she is is the the power of the
company the no.1 leverages every time
someone comes to talk to her they're
happy because she makes them happy make
miss cookie may be happy make sure that
you go out of your way whatever she is
working on provide her a good product
because she started talking about it and
she gets a lot of traffic through that
desk as she's handing out cookies so
talk to her and make sure you take care
of her because if you don't take care of
her nobody's until like the guy that
doesn't take care of little cookie lady
and then the golden boy if your
management isn't really buying into what
you're doing if you feel like you can't
really leverage them find the golden boy
of management help him out whatever
problems he's God see if you can resolve
those because in the meeting behind
closed doors he's going to say oh
security did this for me that's going
straightening the next year he hears
that enough times he's going to start
coming to you he's going to tell his
peers about the things that security did
his peers are then going to talk to the
people that work for him and say hey I
heard security does that so talk to that
the golden boy he's got the right here
that CEO or that head
or that you want to get into and let
them talk so after you've done all these
amazing things people want to talk to
you now people like you congratulations
you're popular what did you expect it
kind of looks like that super
overwhelmed how many people right now
have are receiving a whole bunch of
phone calls and emails that are telling
you that are recording two incidents
that are happening in your company do
you guys have that super customer
support desk that's responding to those
whenever you start to receive all of
these phone calls and emails the first
thing that you need to do is go ahead
and identify who your customer service
people are going to be ideally you want
them to be people persons you don't want
them to say no you want them to walk up
to someone's dust and say what you got
oh man you got you got Malware again let
me help you out and step in you don't
let them to feel bad ever that they've
done something wrong you want them to
keep reaching back out to you want to
feel like you did a good job because you
reported that we're all very familiar
with customer service think about all of
those traits that you usually get along
the line then look at your workforce and
say which one of my people would be best
to start responding to those customer
service remember these are the people
that are going to create relationships
within your business within your
community so you want to make sure that
you had those right people those people
skills those soft skills that a lot of
the security people don't have you want
to make sure that they're the people
reaching out because they're the ones
that are going to make an impression on
your company so then you will be amazed
at the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you get you will have no
idea where this stuff comes from be
prepared to research you're going to
research what the heck people do you're
going to research where the heck this
product can run you're going to say what
in the world did you do to get this
email it is amazing the stuff that you
come across so these people that are
answering all these questions filling
these customers supports take a deep
breath and realize that some of the
stuff is just out of this world I can
say as you're starting to give
information stuff that you think is
absolutely ridiculous ie you get some
random phishing email from Russia if you
respond back and say awesome great job
you are just trying to be fished by
Russia that is amazing to some people
that just blows their mind that they are
so important that someone from Russia is
coming after that so here's it use those
little tidbits of information because as
soon as they found out that they were
trying to get act by Russia they're
turning to the person of the left and be
like dude Russia and everybody on that
CC lon sees it so as you start getting
these things think through your response
if people come and tell you things
because you're going to start to hear
things about not only their apartment
but other people they work with and
they're going to say did you know
marketing was doing that did you know
that this treachery group was doing that
play your political cards right pull it
down hopefully you build some really
good relationships and there with those
other departments as you started to
learn what they do so you have a contact
that you can reach out to that you feel
comfortable talking to and say hey we
heard you guys who are using this we
offer this solution I don't know if
you've heard about it but it's probably
better than what you're using now you
can do more you can collaborate more and
we're willing to help to get you there
to make you better and so that way you
don't have any negative side effects
that come with it you're still reaching
out your hand for someone to to grab it
and hold onto and they'll come back to
you so with that being said I'm opening
up the floor for questions you can fire
away i can give you one recent statistic
that we have so i'm sure a lot of you
are familiar with a dragon Dvir report
pearson campaigns usually on average
most businesses see about 12% people
click on links they only have about
three percent of people that report
whenever they see a phishing email so we
just got finished during the fishing
campaign we had three percent of people
that clicked on it we had thirty five
percent reported it's amazing it's
amazing material in your company so with
that being said that
so about 360 emails of reports that my
team had to feel so go back to that
overwhelmed right um so open it up for
people are intimidated by me I get that
a lot answered all their questions I am
classified information search terms are
classified for my pictures thank you
anything else all right let me have any
questions feel free to get in touch with
me women women in security room hunt me
down hunt them down I appreciate it
rings effect with the wind the next
moments and security group i'm so glad
you asked us in october will be facing
information on our are linked in our
facebook page another so 20 or sites we
do have a twitter it's women security
Casey no say it again I could figure out
right to recover they did instead Casey
argued we re Twitter to our twit we're
going to love that alright I appreciate