so you may be wondering how do I bring
in two things for a living
maybe you're coming from an existing
career looking to transition and maybe
you're starting from scratch and our
next speaker who is a first-time speaker
at sec casey is going to give us a
little bit of insight into that i'm
guessing from his own experiences so les
for the next 15-20 minutes learning
about how to get started in the
nutrition testing professionally let's
give this Ferriero a big round of
applause good evening
so what originally submitted for this
talk there was quite a few people had
joined said Casey and said hey I want to
be a pen tester how do I do that
so it's like well hey here's one of the
very few things that I actually can
speak about let's sum it see how it goes
it looks like there was some interest
there so we're to kind of discuss my
path what I would have done differently
what worked out well and what was just a
burning crashing failure so if you would
it be a pen tester well I get started
Luke pass that slide but I guess my
phone I'm also entering professor at NCC
Casey we're doing two security stuff
like that and I get this all the time
this is what I want to be when I grow up
okay cool so how do we go about doing
that
the first thing you want to do is begin
with the end in mind what you want to do
is say oh I wouldn't be at pentester
where are you now you need to identify
the gaps between what does a pen tester
do versus what do I know now
analytics to unknown networking you
don't need a brush up on tcp/ip stack
wanting to do here in his specific goals
smart goals there are specific
measurable attainable they're realistic
and their time oriented so then what you
do is you take those goals hey I want to
pass maybe the sec plus by the end of
2019 and then move on the CTA to move on
to send to whatever is next for you
that's something you can do specifically
hey I want to be a pen tester not a very
good goal it's a great place to be but
it's not specific measurable it's not
necessarily realistic if this is your
first time speaking at site Casey good
luck on the rest you talk for ease in it
you're intolerant a gentleman sir I much
appreciate it all right so you want to
pair up your gaps with your smart goals
and say this is where I want to be these
are the specific measurable things that
I want to get to so after that you
really need to you need to deepen and
understand your technical words your
heart it's difficult knowledge excuse me
be very curious about anything and
everything would I do this why does it
work what makes sequel injection tick
pun intended right how do I break stuff
I don't have to pick up art stuff you
really need to develop kind of a hacker
mindset of what's behind the scenes
what's behind the smoke and mirrors
what's behind the curtain and then you
got to break more stuff so invariably
the question that comes up when I talk
with students or talk with somebody else
who wants to be a pen tester do I want
to do experience do I want to go the
SIRT routes or
to get an education and the answer is
yes all of them are ballot paths to
being a pen tester generally you want to
do two out of three to really ensure
your chances of getting past the spam
filters for HR and that kind of thing
but they're all valid diverted to the
pass to do so and you'll see me leaning
over here I don't have a thank you so
some good search to start second plus CH
a good search to start they're not going
to get you all the way across the finish
line but they will give you a very good
foundation and what it is you're trying
to learn in security if you already have
a technical background may be a better
place to start would be something more
like the O SCP the u.s. AP is extremely
tough but it will prepare you for
penetration testing much more so than a
psych class or CT edge will sins are
also great certification sins are
sometimes cost prohibitive if you're
doing it on your own but there are very
fantastic training so in encourage you
to look for those also degrees any
degree that you gain that is IT or
kansai related is extremely valuable for
you because even though it's not
necessarily in security you still have
that underground excuse me the
underlying foundation of what it is
you're breaking into what it is that's
going on behind the scenes if you
understand networking if you understand
Linux if you understand Windows servers
I can at least give you a little bit a
better idea of why Metasploit will work
with the Samba module or insert
arbitrary halo that you're breaking into
there and finally experience experiences
perhaps one of the best of the three but
it's hard to do by self because you can
find yourself in a chicken or the egg
sort of thing we're like I want to go
apply for this job and I'm like well you
gotta have experience like that sucks if
they don't have anything so you want to
get some kind of maybe an education or
certification as well but experience is
extremely valuable I certainly don't
want to diminish
the value that experience brings to the
table so how do you get experience
experience is not always but NCMA
pentester role experience could be
contributing open source projects
experience could be doing developing
your own tools and github but here's
some also some great places to get
experienced juice shop is one that
really works with the web apps that you
will find a wasp type 10 that sort of
thing
additionally a menace portable -
political - throw it into a VM and hack
away it's great way to get started with
Metasploit which you will use if you're
doing pen testing pack the box is my
personal favorite it is really not for
beginner it's probably something after
you've done a little some of the other
stuff hack the box is fantastic because
you can learn all sorts of just really
weird stuff vulnerable great download
some bull hunt so Manavi em again real
safe easy to do very very easy they're
not resource intensive at all pen tester
lab costs a little bit but it's also
great there's lots of other ones here
perhaps the most underrated I think is
Rathbone is this like Aidid one you have
webgoat you have utility have a lot of
other different ones that you can break
into all of them using rasp felony can
run on a PI for like 50 bucks really
easy to do
set KC one of the best places to learn
it in slack if you got questions dump
them in general people answer
I decided at the last year I've had
people answer some pretty wild stuff
I've seen people doing some decoding of
each other's Python and all sorts of
stuff in between so jumping in a slack
channel and people will answer so in
conclusion there's just really a couple
things that will make you a good pen
tester but to get started ask a million
freaking questions the only dumb
question is why didn't I ask this before
so ask everything under the Sun Google
everything get really really comfortable
and familiar with Stack Exchange with
security exchange with all the different
things just Google everything in finally
OSC peace mono was try harder try harder
never give up having that mentality will
take you a long way so thanks guys have
a good night happy happy
[Applause]