tonight I'm going to talk about so you
want to build a security ladder
speaking of building security labs who
here has seen my little lovable lab in
the back pretty pretty nice isn't it
I like to travel around with it wherever
I go just you know card it you know the
brush to go when I need to the Walmart
or Target that way my lab is never far
from wherever I go that's why I brought
it here tonight so you can see it so
let's get this show on the road for
first of all meat I'm jarred seats I'm
just a normal guy graduated back in 2011
in turn of the you know state of
Oklahoma
I did four point five years at a little
company called Cerner that's how I ended
up in Kansas City that was a lot of fun
I'm currently a security engineer at the
company called defense point security I
do spunk consulting stuff for clients
and it's a lot of fun but like I'm no
huge security guru guys so I'm serious
you asked if you guys want to give a
talk you don't need to be you know super
Red Team pen testing machine guy you
could be up here giving this talk by the
way that's the theme you guys could be
giving this talk but forwarding that
with this topic cover all over the basis
of us just a security laughs home to
work based and then what you can use it
for whether you want to be like you know
pentesting gonna do forensics stuff like
that the things that another thing like
where would you get pieces for the
security lab would you just walk it's
like your nearest you know grocery
or I'm sorry if I keep pulling the
microwave just realize I'm doing that so
and then what to watch out for when
you're looking for equipment and stuff
for these labs it's also different
because this is considered lab
environment not necessarily what you'd
look for for a production environment
your cost of private e lower stuff like
that and this might be just for your
personal use so that's something else to
keep in mind we'll also talk about a few
examples where you can use a four also I
did a survey earlier this year we'll
talk about that and you guys if you guys
use the labs some like that and then you
know time to learn in case you know it's
15 minutes and the talk is already over
but you guys probably care because you
guys want to get that prize so then like
a lot of questions so one thing is how
would you set up a lab for all
environment doing security so there's a
few things to keep in mind one is your
budget actually who here needs to have a
budget who has unlimited money first of
all does anyone have unlimited money
because I want to be your buddy you have
all the monies you in the back all right
we're friends now just so you know
unlimited money guy yeah a long time
done tradition here at sec kc budget
yeah is it so whatever thing about your
home use all this stuff is important
because no one's made out money so you
need to have a goal in mind like what do
you want to get out of this lab so
another things like what do you already
have do you have like a spare laptop
that you don't really use anymore that
you could use for temperature do you
have like these five you know raspberry
PI's that you keep buying every week
when you go to Micro Center because that
may be B and like the other things to
keep in mind is like how long is this
does this need to be on the 24/7 so I
guess it the NASS or is there something
like you can spit up the once a week and
you don't really care about power and
stuff like that
other software is this thing going to be
running like VMware ESXi its host or is
this going to just like a FreeNAS even
rate stuff like that so what you're
gonna use it for and then like what
software you're going to need and then
how are you gonna keep it up keep it how
is the upkeep gonna happen are you just
gonna like wait for it to die in five
years and then buy new pieces or just
you know phase it out after you don't
think you could use it anymore and like
give it to you know a charity or
something
it didn't the other thing is do you need
approval from others in the house cuz
some people have other people that live
they live with them so you can't just
get the loudest you know server and
possible that you know drains 800 watts
every minute and just look with it
because some people with that
I get angry you know having that massive
server sitting underneath your TV in the
living room you may not mine but they're
going to be able to people in your house
that do mine
so it's just something to keep in mind
accessory columbia's you still have
restrictions now we're going to go to
work so the other thing is a teen line
lock again a budget and what's that
budget ten percent less than what you
were promised at the beginning of the
year because I'm sure that happens to
everyone that you can oh yeah here's
your budget oh by the way we're gonna
cut it by ten percent because that's how
we make our goals and everything that
way we can you know tell everyone that
we're doing a great job saving money for
the company again what's the goal is
this for just like your team is this for
the company who's going to be using this
lab and for what purposes again is it
possible to use what you already have do
you have production servers that you
could use and maybe use us of having to
go out and buy a new hardware for just
your lab environment or maybe there
isn't anything that relates to what
you're trying to do now and you're
trying to plan for the future so example
if you're trying to move stuff to AWS
you may not have any to give us hardware
so you're gonna have to buy stuff so
keep that in mind
same for software are you going to be
using software that you already have and
use one new version or are you plant is
bit of new hardware our new software and
then once you do that what's the cost
going to be
they upkeep do you need to have this
server running 24/7 again does it you
know need to have specific license for
you so our free license stuff like that
as well and then again do you need to
prove from others
so like is this a personal project that
you're working on for the company is
this a teen project do you need you know
approvals from directors some like that
so it's just stuff you got to keep in
mind whenever you're looking for these
labs and trying to set them up for work
it compared to like your personal use so
again what should you actually use when
you're doing this lab are you just going
to buy like 10 15 physical servers
install a single OS on each one of them
and then use that for your lab although
many people might do that and no one
ever does that you might want to start
looking at VMs and containers instead
the important thing the other thing to
keep in mind is maybe you do want you
know some hardware to have a specific OS
like if you're using either aid you want
that piece of hardware just have you
write on it and then have a bunch of
discs on it and then you install docker
containers of VMs on that again you're
looking at like what OS Linux Windows
Mac es das hp-ux has anyone ever used
clearos before or is hands clear of us
no once so you should always keep in
mind the most popular Oasis and install
them as well like clearos everyone
should install for your OS at least once
because it's the best again back to just
having like the software using are you
gonna use like spunk are you gonna use a
gray log or are you gonna use specific
forensic tools if you want to have
Metasploit it
what you're trying to do with the lab
and what you're trying to get out of it
also version properly so I mentioned
this because you need to pay attention
like what versions you're trying to
install software eyes on your systems
compared to like what you want to use in
the future
and making sure stuff is compatible with
each other so that's the important thing
to definitely keep in mind because there
have been times where I've installed
VMware stuff thinking that I would be
good and finding out that wasn't working
with my license and I wasted like all
week trying to figure this out so don't
be me look up your versions and make
sure you're using the right stuff also
we'll go into like hardware but I'm sure
everyone can just have one of these as
their home lab because Watson who has
watched it in their basement that they
use for their home lab you in the back
can I borrow some CPU cycles oh no but
that's the other thing keep buying is
like what is overkill what do you
actually need I know a bunch people say
oh I want to get the coolest most
awesome most powerful server that money
can buy and then you're looking at like
a 10k 20k bill on just one piece of
hardware where your end goal was just
trying to get blinky lights which could
have been done with the Raspberry Pi and
the Ethernet cable so keep that in mind
so now we're gonna go to like where you
should get your stuff which is obvious
or money but eBay
who's used used eBay before guys raise
of hands if you used Evie it's a small
site a few people's never heard of it
but apparently you can get it like
people sell their stuff it's like an
auction time kind of deal so you're
bidding against other people so but eBay
is a popular one site I really like this
lab Beauford this gives you a list of
stuff that you can get on I know some
gonna sound crazy on eBay and it prices
up specs based on what the server has on
eBay listing and tells you whether it's
a good deal or a bad deal so it's
definitely a go to place also Oh
micros ever has anyone ever heard of
micro second by the way so Micro Center
if you guys want raspberry PI's they are
the best place to get PI's trust me I
know I probably have an eighth right now
another place is Craigslist believe it
or not people get rid of their stuff on
Craigslist and you can sometimes get
good deals but sometimes people think
there are parlors were more
so you got to figure out what it is most
of time for me and I got my old server
rack from Craigslist for pretty good so
you just have to look at the local
Craigslist and see you know what people
have what people maybe giving away stuff
like that um also check out your
basement if you have a basement you
might actually have leftover stuff that
you forgot about they like oh yeah I
could use this old computer and spin it
up and see if this will work the way I
wanted to before I go buying real
Hardware some where are your friends
basement
I don't know also there's another to
this website called Freddy there's a
subreddit called at home lab is pretty
nice you can also get you know envious
of other people who's like oh yeah I've
got this 20 blade server with like 50
terabytes of hard drive space ah I don't
know guys I may not be enough I wanted
to upgrade 80 terabytes and you know
watch these people live out their lives
with you know hardware that would be my
year's salary and like sitting in their
bedroom so but it's an awesome website
they have a lot of great tips and stuff
there as well also again the repurposing
girls equipment that you already have
and already using to try new stuff is a
great idea
if you're doing it like a computer
upgrade and you're not just you know
blowing away the whole system maybe you
just take the motherboard and get it
like a cheap hard drive and install it
in different case and see what you can
do with it also there is a who's here on
set KC slack guys crazy
have you heard of the SEC you see black
market you can find some real nation
there yeah if you get a serious guys if
you guys want to find cool stuff go
there and I mean there's a lot of neat
stuff that goes there also IKEA which
brings up this next slide that people
like to use this thing called lack racks
does anyone have a lack rack in here
come on don't be shy
that guy says he does I think he's lying
to me but I'm sure but these lack
products work I don't know about this
picture on the other rights I don't know
if I had stack them that high but people
love them they're about the one you
least Arthur they work for rack-mounted
equipment so people love to use them to
just you know give a nice you know look
to the rack and like they're super cheap
like six pots so instead of spending you
know $100 for a rack just go to Ikea get
one of these end tables and eat blocks
and you have your rack tell all your
friends yeah
my rack equipment all this stuff so yeah
so that goes on to the next thing about
like Tom on eBay
we do looking at eBay items make sure
you pay attention to the specs of the
items and not cool cat pictures that try
to entice you to buy it because they
have a cool cat on their server they're
like please buy me but this server that
this picture is isn't actually the
server you're gonna get and this is true
this is a real seller and when I was
doing this talk he really had that
picture on like five different servers
and he was trying to sell so keep this
in mind they're gonna you know use you
know enticing you with cool cat pictures
to make you buy their stuff but pay
attention to like CPU specs and what
versions cuz a lot of the Intel Xeon to
have like v1 v2 v3 s you gotta pay
attention to that not just the number
itself and then how much RAM and whether
the drives come in it and the other
important things especially server guys
is make sure that the server sleds are
included in your pricing because it's no
fun to get a server think you're going
to get like eight server
you know spots when there's absolutely
no sleds and you find out the sleds are
like 15 bucks a pop or you know thirty
bucks a pop from one guy who you know
has a monopoly on them
so because he's been buying them from
everyone else so keep that in mind when
you're looking at these real Hardware
servers to see how much sleds are before
you click the Buy button also back make
sure you our because you know a lot of
these old servers to a powerful
no one's business and when you're
looking at these servers you'll see
titles it's a virtualized virtualized
docker docker and you'll see this all
over their specs if they don't give you
the real specs of the server it's hidden
I would be kind of cautious to that
seller guys one more thing well now one
more thing but another thing that people
forget about when they're doing their
lab is uh you got to connect all the
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] together guys and who here know you
who here knows networking very well if
you have to ask the answers never are
you sure about that yes but keep this in
mind unlike what other equipment you're
wanting to get so if you want to just
throw in some dumb switches so
everything works like I do go for it
but you can also you know go crazy with
like these you know manages switches
manage routers you know funny piece
actually you know it's fun ubiquity gear
there also been pretty and easy to set
up so you guys want to do it networking
you bet booty is the way to go the other
thing to keep in mind is you got to
figure out your need whether you just do
10 100 or if you actually need Gigabit
traffic and your
or you may be like oh oh here's there's
no way I want to use that up once you
start getting like major with multiple
terabytes of storage you're wanting to
move files around your internal network
actually doesn't matter surprisingly
enough not that I would know or I have I
may have 30 terabytes of storage so I
don't know anything about that though
but you can also use different software
as well like if you want to virtualize
your router like pfSense is a big one
there's one more I forgot I thought I
had to write down my notes but I sure
don't what's another good software
router guys what was that I ops all
right I'll take your word for it but be
sure that you can virtualize that as
well so oh yeah show me the power guys I
mentioned this quite a few times so if
you guys see my B site stop actually
brought in this older server that's
really loud and noisy so I took the
power draw of a few servers once a TS
440 which is a fairly popular server
from like last year that one onin
discount so people bought a few of them
like I did and it's got slots for a link
eight drives so it's pretty awesome so
that's a fairly new one it's a tidal
it's strong five watts and when it's
turned on its got about 105 one draw
with about like four discus so not too
bad that little mini lad surfer thing
over there it's a twenty three watts
with a bunch of stuff in it's like I
think that that you Mako dat plugged in
another firewall point as well and then
turned on with the circle running with a
few vm's there's about 65 70 watts so
pretty good for that whole rack setup my
old server was 26 watts of plugged in
and when I turn it on it it cranked up
200 watts easily so I was gonna look at
a major power bill if I kept that thing
running all the time and that's not it
doing anything that which is it just for
running an idle with nothing installed
so if I even install the Nova so I had
to do a little bit work that number shot
up to like 250 300 so keep that in mind
but while we're talking about power
unless you don't pay your power bill
does anyone not pay their power bill
actually does it don't answer that
don't answer that but for those of you
who don't you could do this and make
money
well maybe not anymore because I mean
well you guys combined SEC Casey coins
Rickson we're looking at here right so
uh so you could mine and just pay for
your lab yourself so you just buy this
draw it up and you like oh yeah I'm
gonna pay for my own lab in like two
years
what's Bitcoin shoots back up or I mean
sexy coins I'll buy a bunch of swag
Reese on the black market op he'll pay
for my lap and my next lab so it's a
great marketing scheme guys go for it
the other thing to keep in mind is
storage you have to store all this stuff
so look into the specific storage
solutions this reddit website also has
another subreddit called data hoarders
they're equally dangerous like home lab
because they'll talk about their 30 60
70 hundred terabyte you know home usage
storage solutions and then they'll
complain about you know Google putting a
data cap on a few terabytes so keep that
in mind
um but whenever you're storing your
stuff you have to have some place where
you're running your VMs and running your
software and on a security to know if
you guys are doing stuff like looking
into specific malware and then I'm
trying to
there's a specific Mauer that does what
to the drive and you know oh yeah so
Brants ransomware I think I think it
completely encrypts your drive and
l-look for network drives so if you're
looking into your live environment to
you know do some reverse engineering you
might want to be careful like what kind
of storage solutions you have hooked up
to it especially here at work because no
one wants to say oh yeah I was testing
on this looking into this malware
infection and it connected to our fraud
you know sand storage and how the whole
company is encrypted and we're sending a
bunch of you know foreign possibly
Russian people 80.5 bitcoins because I
didn't look at my storage properly
because whoops that may have happened to
some company not me though and I won't
mention them but keep that in mind
whenever you're looking at what you're
wanting to do and making sure you have
your stuff split up properly what we're
looking into the future on what to do
with your lab what do you really want to
do with your lab and here's the
mandatory xkcd comic for any talk has
anyone done this yet because because I'm
wanting to do this set up a few viruses
you know somewhat you know with a UI
form watch them watch them grow and live
yes you should always name your malware
and virus strains or else you'll be sad
fire exe sounds like a great name but
goes going a little bit of this this
will what you're looking into what
you're doing for your security life
whether you're going to do you know
specific stuff for virtual eyes using
talker different doctor or different
container solution so there's doctor
OpenShift kubernetes stuff like that
also going to like paint cuckoo cuckoos
anyone use cuckoo sandbox I haven't used
it in a long long time hazy so you can
lose that if you're trying to you know
sharpen up skills also whether you're
using like VMware versus VirtualBox
versus whatever Windows is trying to do
oh yeah as your AWS you can go into like
blog banjo as well having spun out brain
log trying to figure so you can also
look into certain websites I think over
the wire door is a pretty good site to
get started on you know looking in to
break into specific boxes but it's up to
you guys by the way if you
go to remote sites till yourself make
sure you follow the rules and don't do
anything stupid
please another thing that a lot of
people in security don't think about but
maybe they should start looking into is
have you guys never heard of this DevOps
I hear it's the best thing ever I hear
it'll solve everything and they'll be
the best but making fun of this I'm kind
of serious you guys if you're in
security trying to get security in
DevOps and you know making dev sac cops
or whatever they're trying to claim the
term now is actually important so like
trying to learn some you know these
DevOps solutions
well DevOps solutions I'm so like trying
to figure out you know using Jenkins and
your workflow to get chef ansible puppet
just trying to figure out how DevOps
sees a workflow and trying to get your
security situation in front of it and
trying to get the security at the start
pretty much to like make it so I you
look like you look like you're helping
people who long and so trying to look
like an obstacle like security always
does but this is something you could use
your lab for and
that's what I'm trying to do with mine
is try nellie make stuff secure and like
hack into different things but I'm
trying to
learn dev stuff a little better because
I suck at it so like I said before back
in March which was several months ago I
sent out surveys a bunch of people asked
him what they were using for their home
lives and lives at work and I got a few
new it's about 20 people responded it
was a missionary action different things
most of them said they were using it for
home there was one and a home and work
lab there was a variety of different
devices many of them used like VMware a
lot of VirtualBox proxmox was a big one
few people use end server as well which
was interesting has anyone used that
server I haven't used it in a long time
no yes baby oh I'm hoping to do another
survey I was hoping to do another survey
tonight and like have a link free but
the professor I was working with that
does a service and the cop the
disclaimer of the college that I
graduated from his alumni was gonna help
post the survey we were going to do it
like a white paper on it and they closed
down the server because it was old but
they didn't want to pay the license for
it anymore so he lost access to it so
maybe in the future I'll post another
survey out and if you guys would be
awesome and fill it out whether you have
an open lab or not because I'm hoping to
like figure out like what the community
would like to see what they're using and
stuff like that and trying to make it
useful for everyone so what are you guys
using honestly like anyone want to yell
out what they're using right now free
their home or work
switch so an Intel nuke
dealing switch and a managed switch in
two network storage what are using for
the OS and the storage Oh QNAP and
Synology nice I have I have I have two
HP micro servers I think that HP 54 else
knew a fire sold in several years ago
for like $150 a pop so these little
servers with like little like AMD atom
processors with like four hot swappable
drives slots 450 bucks bought three of
them and use them for like Xfinity
storage it's like one of the reasons why
have like several terabytes of storage
down but they're awesome I use them for
Plex they're not the best Plex servers
but man they can hold a lot of storage
what is this
oh it's a nut Hey look at this we could
use that security
oh so you drop this in the trash can I
hope no one notices it and oh okay yeah
this is for the capture the flag event
sure we're running the throw together
little no these books are amazing guys
they can host how many BMS team you're
that 16 virtual tours the virtual
machines
yeah then why five sixteen years Aram
that's pretty nice for threads about
sixteen little VM throwing for this
thing ho terabyte drive is an SSD oh by
the way guys using SSDs versus spinning
disk is another important factor in your
life choices another thing to keep in
mind is again licensing it's like if you
have an HP microserver which i think is
awesome but they're doing ones you need
to have you know an ila license to like
remotely manager them in a way and well
how you know going to the internet and
finding your own Island license handy
tip Iowa licenses are pretty close to
being the same so if you find one
you should keep it close to your chest
and use it nice another thing you keep
in mind is whether you can get like a
dev license so I don't push squonk they
have a specific they have to demo so
that you can use one is for like a 50
gig a data in just a day and another
license is I think five gigs but you can
have like multiple servers running on
the license so keep that in mind when
you're looking at stuff so you're not
only looking at
hardware prices but you're also looking
at software and also keep in mind of
power because powers will something that
people always forget about whether
looking at these servers and I don't
want you guys don't go D make it the
first server you see and then find out
you have a you know $800 electric bill
because you know KC does KC powerline
decided jack up everyone's right over
the summer and they're blinding your
server for what do you know they're just
lying to you so keep that in mind
final thoughts is pretty much what I
mentioned just pay attention to what
you're buying what you're looking for
and if you have any questions or you
want to talk to me about this stuff I'm
here a lot of months I obviously have a
yellow badge orange orange Lander
tonight come talk to me fine so I want
to make this important slide right here
it's the cyber kill chain it's mandatory
for security talk look at it and know
that when you tell people you saw a
security talk sedated with the cyber
kill chain that's like three C key
credits right there guys
any questions now okay hey have you
heard about sec Casey hey check out our
live feed if you can't make it guys