some people may or may not want to
eventually work on a red team yeah here
we go I'm not going to tell you who I am
if you want to know who I am you got to
come ask me but I sent some Twitter's
back and forth with Aaron he's nuts
squirrels in a barrel i guess as his
twitter feed but he does some red team
stuff too i was hoping it could be here
to help kind of argue with me or do
whatever but I guess I'm the only one
here so and then if anybody else out
there works on a red team and you don't
like what I say just stand up and say it
say you're full of so all right the
idea so we're going to talk about what
we look for when if you want to join a
team like ours so what exactly is a red
team wikipedia says an independent group
that challenges an organization to
improve its effectiveness there's some
argument over what exactly a red team is
some people say it's a team that just
goes in and tries to get whatever they
can no rules that happens people do that
in our case usually it's more specific
we have very specific goals that we're
trying to fit meet and we have an
engagement a plan of rules of engagement
that are said ahead of time we say
you're not going to attack this system
you're not going to tack this system
you're going to go after this one
because when you're trying to scope an
assessment like that and try to be
really effective at what you're finding
you got to be careful with that stuff so
the bottom line is that we all get to
break into a lot of stuff that's what we
do for a living I break into a lot of
applications and networks Aaron you guys
have seen his talks he does a lot of
social engineering breaking the
building's seeing what he can grab doing
that kind of stuff so dif different kind
of teams specialized in different areas
so in the end if you're looking to join
a team like this you want to find a team
who
kind of lines up with your interests if
you want to do the hacking stuff you're
sitting behind a computer and banging
away on applications our team does stuff
like that and the networking and we do
some physical assessments but if you
want to do the social Engineering's time
style stuff we do it every once in a
while but not nearly as much as Aaron in
them do so okay starting off your
baseline is everything that bill talked
about in his talk when you're getting
into information security so you want to
read a lot hack stuff a 10 sec AC talk
to a lot of people if you're not talking
to people nobody knows who you are you
don't really know anything you can read
a lot of books you're not going to learn
a lot that way make sure you're talking
to people and trying things out don't
definitely as bill said make excuses for
not trying to learn yourself because
this job requires a lot of self learning
and if you haven't shown that you can do
that probably not going to be a really
good fit you don't want to go around
thinking that you know everything
because guess what we all have a lot to
learn no matter how long you've been
doing this and the last one is big don't
pretend to know things that you don't if
you walk up to somebody and say hey I
know a lot about this but could you
teach me and no i'm not going to teach
you if you ask me hey i'm having a hard
time with this can you help me out then
i'll do yeah great sure i'll do what i
can so the next one is this is key you
don't already have to be elite hacker in
fact some of our team members or hired
straight out of college and had very
little background experience seven to
ten years later they now have a lot of
experience but if you have IT admin or
software development background it's a
really good jumping off point
some other guys on the web post this a
lot too especially developers become
very good application pen testers IT
people tend to be really good Network
pen testers because they're familiar
with the systems on our team
specifically we have an apprenticeship
style training system so you come on you
don't do anything on your own until
you've proven trust with the other team
members and what you can do and it's not
about you being able to do it SS it's
about us being able to trust that you
can do it to the standards of the team
and that's how you progress throughout I
personally that second a last line I
have doubled what I knew after 13 years
of software development doubled what I
knew about application security in a
couple of months so this job you will
learn a lot about security and as I said
before there's always a lot more to
learn Trixie is another one that's
coming up where I've been doing a lot of
research and just kind of going outside
of my comfort zone so um this one is
also important ok all the slides that I
put up your important all right just
assume I'm gonna say it anyway but
they're get there they're all right
thing about this job is you can't really
talk about what you're doing there are
so you can talk about what you're doing
with the team talk about your clients
all that stuff but outside you generally
are not going to be able to talk about
what you're doing in the end we want to
help our clients we're not throwing them
into the fire also you have an NDA so
guess what you can't talk about it I
find 0 days on a regular basis you've
unfortunately if you is that if that's
the kind of thing you need to make you
happy then that's probably not a good
job for you you should go to the black
hat side of things and just hack into
things and get caught by the FBI one
thing i do a lot is i do a bunch of
training and i present research project
results and it helps me kind of pass on
lessons learned you know also just
talking with people they tell you about
things that they're probably they're
having and you can kind of draw on your
experiences and help them out also this
I find particularly necessary for this
job you genuinely want to help out your
clients nobody is going to pay you to
break into their stuff just for the sake
of breaking into their stuff right they
pay you to help them improve their
security posture they don't give a crap
how cool it was right so make sure you
know the need their needs provide the
recommendations that are appropriate to
them and when you give those
recommendations they're not mandates
they can choose to ignore your report
that you spent forty hours writing
entirely and you just have to suck it up
that's part of the job
hopefully you explained your findings
and recommendations effectively so that
they don't do that and that they take it
to heart and you only provided
recommendations that are going to be
valuable to client yeah so we have
somebody in here don't give a crap about
so
one of the major things we do 40 for
fifty percent of this job is
communicating you're talking with people
you're talking with your team you're
talking to the clients you're writing
reports if you if those are skills that
you don't really have or don't want to
have it's probably not a great really
good fit last point your team will help
you through a lot of these things when
you first get started and kind of help
you understand the team strategy for
reporting things and getting them
delivered to your clients analytical
skills this is the hacker side of us so
the other fifty fifty to sixty percent
is just figuring out how things work and
then breaking them in order to break
things efficiently you need to
understand exactly how they work so you
got to know what the protocols are
involved but the frameworks are involved
so you can kind of make these educated
guesses about what's underneath and then
test them sign typically and as Aaron
says if you don't collect evidence it's
like you were never there you have to
collect the evidence and then turn those
unfortunately in most of these
consultants I'll jobs or if your read on
a red team you're generally going to be
a consultant there are exceptions some
teams run internally and that's a
different story but in most cases your
consultant so sometimes when you're
doing engagement you have to be there
physically either because you're
breaking into a building or because the
security zone that you're getting into
doesn't allow access from outside and of
course conferences unfortunately I had
too much work to make this year's Def
Con but next year of course it'll be
lame next year so yeah another
interesting perk though is that I get to
work from home so so end of the talk all
those things if you engage you want to
learn you want to help clients you don't
really give a crap if you're going to
stand in front of people and present
cool hacker stuff besides your research
projects good communication skills good
analytical skills and you don't mind
travel occasionally you know it's a job
you could probably get so don't think
you have to be the uber hacker to get
into a red team and start learning stuff
you will get trained either way and
chances are you'll probably learn a lot
more than you actually know so that's