so we need a Parsa
[Applause]
hi everybody I cannot see anyone out
there feels really weird Hey
so I wish I had known about you all a
year ago because it would have made this
process a lot easier because when I got
some of the information I got during
this process I really didn't know where
to go I didn't know you all we're here
in Kansas City my name is Anita I just
sort of stumbled into looking into
cross-checked because I read an article
back in 2016 when everybody in the world
is kind of worried about Russians trying
to hack her voter databases did they
interfere with the results of the
election yada yada yada I wandered
across an article that was about a
Kansas program called cross-check it's
run out of Kansas paid for by Kansas run
by our secretary of state Kris Kobach
the idea of the program is they take
voter data from however many states want
to send it at its peak it was about 30
put it all in a big database and
supposedly look for duplicate
registrants and double voters which was
Chris's you know main passion so the
complaint in this article that I read
was about how cross-check is a voter
suppression tool it's this massive thing
to prevent people from voting
specifically aimed at people of color
there were some things about that
article that were wrong but what caught
my interest was Kansas is paying for
this thing for free and we're broke
we're not particularly good at data
security in terms of the Kansas
government I don't know if you guys
but in the Kansas House and Senate
combined there are two guys both in
their 60s who have any kind of tech
experience whatsoever their former
programmers so we really don't know what
we're doing in terms of data analytics
data security or whatever so I started
looking into it just to see you know
what's going on with this article why
are we paying for it as it evolved I
realized that I was asking the wrong
question my first question was why are
we paying so much for this when I
realized the data analytics look like
this they take this database of a
hundred million American voters with
social security number and everything
and they say you're a match if you have
the same first name last name and full
date of birth they completely ignore
Social Security number
so every John Smith in the country has
somebody else who shares his date of
birth what finally occurred to me is the
same geniuses who decided then that was
a match designed the data security for
the hundred million voter database so I
started digging into what kind of data
liability insurance we have is Kansas
liable if this thing is hacked I shot
off an email to the Kansas Secretary of
State's office
a Kansas open record request back in
April of 2017 and I asked him two
questions
I asked him how much do we pay for this
how much did we pay to design the
program and how much do we pay every
year to run it and the second question
was what's our data liability coverage
like as is common with the Secretary of
State's office I got no response until I
don't know December so eight months
later and by then it was a
because a whole lot happened in between
I started studying another program
called an Eric electronic registration
information center they had like a two
or three million dollar startup budget
to develop good data analytics and good
data security so you know I realized
either Kansas is spending way more than
Kansas should be spending for a program
that we provide free or we're doing a
really really bad job guess which one it
was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] awful so I was kind of
poking around I confirmed that Kansas
was liable but I really didn't have any
evidence and I didn't know how to get it
but I sent a Freedom of Information
request to the state of Florida because
they joined the program in 2013 and they
pretty much immediately dropped out they
said it's terrible the data is
unreliable so I sent him this request I
really just wanted their email
correspondence between the Secretary of
State's office in Kansas and Florida
just to see if they send anything
horribly damning about the program that
I could use to convince people how awful
it was and I didn't get anything like
that but what I did get was way better
what are you doing tradition here at
psych KC and here's an awful shot bread
belonging Jaeger
I don't need to sleep tonight hell yeah
[Applause]
I can't even remember what I was talking
about I'm drunk already okay so I get
these files back from Florida now I was
a programmer back in the 80s
pre-internet
I COBOL exactly couple my tech
experience expired somewhere around 1989
when I left it to get my mba in
marketing so you guys I don't know the
tech part of what we discovered but I
knew enough to know it was really really
bad so they send me two things the first
was an email attachment that includes
all the private data for 945 Kansans
just as an email attachment first name
last name date of birth their address
social security number all of it
somebody got their hand up desk a
question yeah sure exactly so it's not
encrypted there's no password it's
nothing it's just an email attachment
they sent me Kansas had sent that to
Florida in 2013 where it's at in their
email until 2017 when they sent it to me
supposedly all 945 people were double
voters but given how great cross-check
is guess how many of them were zero not
one every last one of them's a false
positive because Florida didn't provide
their social security number to the
system so every last one of them was a
mismatch on social it was just a bunch
of John Smith's and David Smith's and
whatnot so I saw that and I realized
that not only was there a risk when
they're transmitting the data from the
state of origin to Kansas for the to
build the database and then back to the
state but what they do with it after
continues to put all the voters at risk
and again we're talking about a hundred
and ten million people who are thrown
into this system so that file a couple
things happened it confirmed my
hypothesis that Kansas wouldn't was in a
world of hurt if this thing got hacked
because Florida got in trouble for
sending me the file once I finally got
the press to write about it got it
covered
Florida cop to the fact that yes they
had done it it cost him about a hundred
grand for 945 the release of 945 voters
data yeah no I'm not giving it to you
and I did not bring my computer here
tonight sitting out in my car and
protected slappy
anyway
okay anyway maybe I should not be
talking about information security right
now anyway so we got that we got the
data to the press they released in
Florida admitted they screwed up they
paid these people for their life black
or whatever Kansas said had nothing to
do with cross-check wasn't a hack
it wasn't Kansas fault it was Florida's
fault so no responsibility in no way did
they say oh yeah we have this
responsibility we're taking control of
private data for 100 million people we
really ought to have our act together
no they suck so it was cross-check data
it was an excerpt from the file it came
from Kansas and you can quibble about
the definition of a hack but it was data
that should not have been released to
the public and it was so I don't care
what you call it it shouldn't have been
out so the ACLU has now filed suit
against Chris Cola about this release of
data
we're hoping to make it a class-action
suit so I you know on a Saturday night
I'm calling some guy from the file like
hey this is kind of weird but like I've
got your social and can I explain D J
he's a neighbor of mine he knows some
people we know so he's the name the guy
in the suit and it's got more really
nice guy I've never met him but he
agreed to participate in this thing so
that's one thing that happened that I
got in that Freedom of Information Act
the other thing was so they emailed the
encryption password over plaintext email
not only to the state's participating
but to like 40 or 50 other people now
the water I got was the 2013 one so
there's nothing I could do with it but
it certainly suggested how sloppy they
are right terrible so I wasn't sure what
to do next but in the intervening months
since I had been looking at cross-check
Coppock had been named the chair of that
bogus crap ass presidential Advisory
Commission on election integrity which
was really his search for 3 million
fraudulent voters so that we could claim
the Trump had won the popular vote yeah
exactly
illy yeah so and komak did his normal
masterful performance on that commission
and it disbanded within six months under
a fire of lawsuits but the good thing
that happened was because he was named
and he asked every state for all their
private data
every nearly every state said [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you
and didn't send it it raised a lot of
attention on the fact that Kovac was
running cross-check and already getting
data I spent about two days and like
seven million tweets everybody who was
complaining like Norway should my state
send data I would say they're already
sending it and they have it for a decade
no one knows this is happening this
whole cross-check thing is like
completely not transparent
there's no reporting there's no public
accountability it happens like in a
little backroom you know in the
Secretary of State's office half of the
bill legislate legislators that I talked
to had never even heard of it when I
called him up like hey I'm worried about
this cross-check thing and like it could
bankrupt hands they're like what the
what so we we get the encryption
password I don't know what to do with it
the integrity Commission has created a
lot of kerf levels so some guys in
Illinois also started saying why are we
sending this data to cross-check and
they were separately from me working on
trying to bring the thing down so I
joined forces with them so I'm on a
conference call with them and I tell
them I've got this file and I got the
encryption password and what do we do in
this because they were they were back on
remember I told you about the original
article and it was all about Buddhist
oppression and racial bias and not that
that's not important but it doesn't open
a lot of doors of the Republicans who
are making the decisions in Topeka and
so I said I think there's a lot more
power in the narrative of they're really
playing fast and loose with this data
than there is in trying to prove this
voter suppression thing we have no
evidence that
happening and in fact I don't think it
is so these guys are like you've got the
encryption password yeah so the next day
a whole lot of Freedom of Information
Act requests dropped to a bunch of
states that are involved and within like
two weeks we have the encryption
passwords for every year we have the IP
address we have evidence that the FTP
server they've been using for this that
for years for a decade they've been
calling a secure FTP is in fact not a
secure FTP they're sending all of this
stuff over plaintext email to like 80
people when it should be maybe 30 and
they've basically done everything except
you know hand the information to hackers
and again this is a hundred and ten I
think at its peak it was one hundred and
nine million Americans information
managed by Kansas so I mean it's so dumb
so um and this is when it would have
been great to know you guys existed
because we were like yeah now what do we
do luckily the guys in Illinois knew
some people and they got a hold of Dell
Cameron and his moto and Dell got in
touch with three or four white hat
hackers who looked at all of this and I
don't know if any of you guys read the
article that came out in November of
last year
that said that his bogus voter fraud
program could have been hacked by a
novice so come January 2018 or I started
going up to Topeka to meet and to sit in
on house election committee meetings and
for the first time ever Kovac is called
in front of the house election committee
to answer these questions about
cross-check what's going on the states
meanwhile who are involved got scared
because they all heard about this and
they're like why are we sending our data
to this guy you can't keep it safe
there's no attempt to keep it safe so in
January
- pika I'm in the room when Kobach's
says yeah they say it could have been
hacked by a novice but come on they
didn't have it it would have been a
felony first of all we didn't try to
hack it we tried to show how easy it
would be to hack it I mean I'm pretty
sure somebody could if they want to do
so he says no worries I'm gonna I'm
gonna spend twenty thousand dollars and
I'm gonna completely revamp the native
security to protect this this is twenty
seven thousand sound good I don't know
you guys think that sounds it sounds
pretty ridiculous to protect 100 million
voters data what yeah he'll know is what
I got so I think about what could be
done with his data aside from just like
stealing people's private data if you
really really want the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with an
election and let's say Indiana has a law
and it does that the only information
they need to strip somebody out of their
voter database is that they were
identified by cross-check as a potential
duplicate registry remember that's based
on first name last name and date of
birth so let's say that somebody got a
hold of the Indiana results file and
messed with it so that all of the
picture party whoever you don't want to
be able to vote all the Democrats now
look like they're double registered and
they get dropped from the vote
you now have made sure that they can't
vote and you've manipulated the election
yeah exactly I mean you could mess with
all sorts of things you could change
somebody's middle initial yeah exactly
so there's all sorts of malfeasance that
could happen in addition to identity
theft and you know at a more basic level
anything that affects the voting rights
of a hundred million Americans should
not be in the hands of one high
partisan state with no oversight
whatsoever with no ability to protect
the data with no integrity at all
so anyway kodox like yeah i'm gonna fix
them and fix it well he did never fix it
he also never announced to the public
that there was a problem in any way
somehow or another and I don't know how
DHS got involved and they came in to
review what his new data security was
going to be and 2018 is almost over
they run cross-check I should have said
this they run it once a year between
February and April it never ran this
year it got shut down but the whole yeah
exactly it's so he didn't to fix the
midterms at all because we shut it down
I think you know that's none of a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
sorry if anybody loves Kovac but he
never admitted that he didn't run he'd
never admitted that he screwed it up he
never admitted the problems in any way
it was all like oh he said literally I
don't concede that there's a problem
whatever he couldn't run it he said I'm
gonna take this program under my wing
and you know a couple years later eight
states have dropped out because the data
is terrible another couple of states
said they are gonna send any data
anymore because he can't keep it safe so
here we are we did not elect Brian
McClendon as Secretary of State which
would have fixed all of this instead
Kansas elected Scott Schwab who vows
he's going to continue cross-check the
way Kovac did we don't know if he's
going to be able to we don't know if
States will send the data we don't know
if he has the money to fix the election
that the data security to protect the
data we really don't know what's gonna
happen next year what we do know is we
have the opportunity with a different
leadership at the top and Kansas like
for example if if the governor
passed an executive order wrote an
executive order that said you can't do
this unless there is data liability
insurance
maybe we can shut it down again in 2019
one thing that happened in 2018 when we
were meeting with the Kansas Legislature
as we got a Republican to write a bill
that said the group to require data
liability insurance because we have none
we're covered by the Kansas support fund
which has I think $200,000 in it which
would touch what to that release it like
2,000 names or whatever based on what
happened with Florida the the data
liability law it was super simple that's
all it was
this thing has to be protected by
insurance coverage a coop crony got
ahold of that and pocketed it it never
got heard so we're still completely
unprotected if this bill if this program
starts up again in 2019 still just wide
open for anybody to attack unless they
suddenly unless suddenly the same people
who design something where the you know
the FTP is not secured and the
encryption passwords are being sent all
over town suddenly become experts in
data security Kansas is vulnerable I
think we calculated if the entire file
were hacked we're talking about a
billion dollars of liability for Kansas
which would bankrupt the state so we're
hoping to shut it down again permanently
Kansas could use this other program
called Eric which is excellent every
other state could use this other program
Kansas really has no business running a
voter registration database so you know
what I can't tell you guys a whole lot
about the
the super technical part of what we
found but I can connect you with anybody
who is involved in doing the analysis
and I can you know point you to the
details and the data on our websites if
anybody has questions I'm happy to
answer them either up here back over
my website is leave cross-check comm and
the guys out of Illinois did and
cross-check comm they've got all the
tech data on there so end cross-check
comm is the one you want it for the tech
stuff and then that one of the hackers
were used as a guy named Adriel this
scientist I think is his name Greg
brimstone on Twitter and he's a great
guy Dell Cameron it Gizmodo is great
they both have a lot of information
about this on on on their Twitter feeds
for another hand guys
[Applause]