Uh, but this talk tonight to disappoint
everyone is going to be G-rated. So,
yeah, there's I tried to keep the
content as clean as possible because I
didn't want to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] offend anyone.
So, we're going
uh, a little about me real quick. I work
for Laware doing red team social
engineering and pent testing and
physical testing. I also, uh, own and
operate Squirrels and Barrel. Uh we
operate the so world championship of
social engineering every year in Vegas
and uh we'll get to that in a minute
because tonight at KC we have a special
announcement here for only KC first.
What we're going to do this year is our
fourth year of the world championship in
social engineering in Las Vegas. Uh what
we do is we provide the world's only
legal largest social engineering sandbox
for you to play in. We give you 48 hours
in the entire realm of the Tuskanyany
suites in Vegas. That is the playing
field. You get to do whatever the hell
you wanted to do within the legal limits
of the rules, which are only there to
keep your ass out of jail. That's the
only reason why we have rules. Anything
else you can actually do. So, we want
you to actually do social engineering
hands-on, physically experience it in a
safe environment. For example, the rules
that we add, we add in don't do dumpster
diving because no one wants to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
dumpster dive in Vegas. It is awful,
even for work. So, we have a belt that's
up for grabs. We have the guy that does
all the belts for the WWF, MMA, and
Nathan's Hot Dog Championship does our
belt. It is pure 100% 24 karat goldish
material, and it is in high demand. that
uh all of our winners that have won have
gone on to some really interesting jobs
and opportunities. So, not only is it a
fun game, it creates opportunities for
people and the best part is it's free.
So, this year we're returning back to
Bites Las Vegas. We also do regionals
throughout the regions. Um if any
company wants us to come in, we do a
social engineering capture flag or we go
to local bides or other security
conferences and provide them for free.
Each of the regionals, uh the winner
wins a golden squirrel trophy. We always
have puzzle pieces in them that lead up
to Vegas and give people a heads up in
Vegas and leg up. So this year, against
all better advice and thoughts and legal
advice, we're crossing the streams and
doing something that hasn't been done
before. So we're combining and crossing
streams with the pros versus Joe's
capture the flag. So, not only will you
be able to do social engineering, you'll
be able to interact with the red team
and blue team members and facilitate
attacks on the targets that we have, we
have live companies that you're going to
attack and mess around with.
Everything's screened off, safe, and
legal for you. We have three lawyers on
staff that have gone through everything.
In addition to that, we have been doing
the bides puzzles leading up there are
six puzzles leading up to bides. Each
puzzle uh we teamed up with 666
Zenometown Records out of Topeka.
They're providing us with music and
artists and other things. Each of the
puzzles is audio based
only. When all the puzzles are assembled
at the end, you will have a a complete
album. In addition to that, you also get
pieces that lead into the game. So, the
puzzle game also leads into the capture
the flag. So, we have three games
simultaneously bleeding into the one in
Vegas later on for all of you to enjoy.
So, that's the big announcement and it's
something that's never been done before
and we're very, very excited to be doing
free. So, back to the actual thing at
hand here. I want to show you guys a
little bit about fashion and how it
plays into social engineering. A few
weeks ago, uh, Paul.com or Paul Security
Weekly, sorry, had a segment about the
Dapper Hacker. They spoke a little bit
about the appropriate tire on the client
site. We're going to take a step further
and actually explore the exploitable
angle of what's at play. So, what's at
play here is perception. And perception
in the world around us is key. We always
hear about different things about how
people look, their appearances, and
Sorry,
threw me off. So, perception is key.
Perception is so powerful in the world
around us. It's stronger than gravity.
And if you remember a few months ago,
this made national news for some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
reason. So, never ever ever lose sight
that perception is the most powerful
force in the universe. How we perceive
things is so powerful and shifts and
changes and we can take advantage of
that. So how we do that with our
appearance and fashion is keep in mind
that 95% of your
body is clothed. That's the largest
portion of your body. Only 5% being your
head and accessories and items are not
that well noticeable and compose the
rest of it. With that in mind, first
impressions are made within the first 30
seconds. And of that, the impression,
initial impression is only made in under
the first five seconds. And when you
think about that, you look at someone
from a distance when they're walking
towards you, you've already made the
judgment about them. And you're looking
at them and you're looking at their
clothes cuz that's the most visible,
largest portion of their body. So, we're
going to take advantage of that. When
you go out on like pentest or social
engineering engagements and you have to
break in
somewhere, how do you go about doing
that? You can't just walk in with a
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hoodie or a deathbound t-shirt.
They're not going to let you in
anywhere. So, we take advantage of their
perception because you want to blend in.
If you do not blend in, you stick out.
You [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the pen test. It's not pretty.
It looks like this. So, if you do not do
your research properly or your OST,
you're going to end up looking like this
in front of the client. Explain to the
client, well, gee, I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. I ran in
with uh killed in a Defcon t-shirt and
some vibrant five finger shoes. I don't
know why they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] caught
me. So the first step in all this is
Osent open source intelligence
gathering. And how this gets specific to
what our goal is is we want to gather
information on our target. We want to
pursue our targets culture and really
integrate ourselves into both their
vernacular and their image imagery and
on what makes up the company. You want
to inject yourself into the company as
if you were an
employee. So, it's important right now
to remember that clothing and fashion
accessories should only be an
augmentation to your pretext. It should
not become the pretext. An example of
this is I can dress up as a security
guard and just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] walk right into a
company because they see that I'm a
security guard. However, with that
uniform on, I have the obligations of a
security guard to walk around and be
places I should be rather than why the
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is a security guard in the server
room plugging plugging in a phone plug
to the server room. So, by setting up
myself as a security guard and walking
in, yeah, I can get in, but I don't show
value to the client because a security
guard is not going to be running around
where I want to go and do things. People
will notice that. And again, I will
stick out like the prior picture. Hey,
Aaron. Yeah, this is Bill. Dude, I did
drink actually. Well, you can you can
give it to somebody else. But we have a
tradition here at set
KC. If you have a slide with PO Bayer on
it, you get a shot. So, is there anyone
that you would like to desert Jordan?
Yeah.
So, there is a funny story sometime if
you guys are going to find me later. Uh,
involving Pedto Bear at Defcon taking a
cab ride with my
dad. So, again, make sure that whatever
you're doing does not become a gimmick.
Make sure that your clothing and your
uniform that you're preparing is going
to help augment that pretext. So rather
than being the security guard, it might
be better to go, hey, let me look up and
see what the common IT guys wear or the
IT department. Let me dress like them
and maybe tailgate in. That would be a
better use.
So, with the gathering of information,
we want to really get into some
specifics of like what are they wearing,
how are they wearing it, do they have
uniforms, where do they get uniforms,
where would you find this stuff, what
does everyone look like, things like
that are what we're going to really zero
in on to help develop this exploit. What
I start out with as a methodology is I
start looking in social media and file
file and photo sharing sites. So, I go
through those. I start looking for
pictures of employees or company
functions. And it's amazing what you can
find out there. Company functions. If
any of you and all of you should go back
to your companies tomorrow morning and
re-evaluate what kind of policy you have
for photographs and actual functions
because you'd be surprised at what kind
of pictures are already out on the
internet. Um, if that does not work or
that that does not yield a whole lot, I
go out and start searching for company
dress codes. I also pick that up anyway
so I can uh uh verify if through the
pictures if there's anything that is
valid such as the omni dress code states
you can only wear suits or whatever. If
I go out and look at the pictures I can
validate that and see well yes their
policies in place. They do obviously
enforce it. I better dress with a suit.
The other thing that's great is company
newsletters. internal company
newsletters and external are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
awesome because it is just a diarrhea
fountain of information, but people just
do not realize what they're putting in
there. You can see how people are, their
normal day-to-day mannerisms. You can
see the speech and the vernacular of the
company, which is important if you're
going to launch a fishing attack because
you do not want to write a well-crafted
fishing template that's well written and
doesn't use the company's language.
People will pick up on that and it'll
stick out. Next thing I'd go look at is
company branding or IDs, style guide
sheets. Simply Google that phrase and
you'll get a text or website that guides
you through how you're supposed to use a
company's logo, colors, text,
everything. There's plenty of
information in that to help you falsify
and form a ID
card. Also, go through and start mapping
out the company functions, find or
charts, see if they use any third
parties or anything. Also, check out
employee blogs and media sites. It's
awesome what people and employees put
out on websites. I'd say a large portion
of the successful pentest and social
engineering engagements I've had have
been a direct result of an employee
either posting an ID badge or a picture
with an ID badge out there or something
else they shouldn't
have. So with information to help gather
information and find stuff through
OSENT, here are some tools that aren't
commonly used or known about or talked
about. Search diggity basically takes
Google hacking to a whole another level
and allows you to automate it. It's by
Stoch and Lou and I think uh Bishop Fox
picked it up now. You basically take all
the Google hacking database uh
expressions and several other odds and
ends. You simply put in the domain name,
click it, and it goes and goes and goes
and goes and crawls the entire interface
for you. Uh Spokio and People are great
for looking up personal information on
people.
And as a result, it's great if you
cannot find information on an individual
or the last ditch hail me up Mary
effort. I go to people or spokio. You'll
find some really bizarre stuff.
Spiderfoot is really great. If you do
not know about that or use that for pen
testing in your toolkit, it should be
there. Now, it is really cool. Allows
you to fast fingerprint the entire
perimeter of a company or a target. And
it's very nice for finding directories
and other things that might be out there
such as directories that might have
employee pictures or other things or
badge templates. Uh LinkedIn is really
good. It's just amazing for finding
information on people. No matter what
you think, the security and the control
mechanisms in LinkedIn are not
functioning properly and do not work. So
it's very nice and easy to go through
and dig out people's information. There
are two things that I don't see people
talk about that you should look into is
Yakyak. Yakyak is a social media app for
your phones. It does anonymous posting
of 140 character messages or less in a
geographic area of 2 miles or less. So,
you're only going to get people talking
randomly or anonymously in a 2-m radius
area, which is great because that zeros
down into the area of your company and
target and you can start monitoring
their employees. When employees think
that they are posting anonymously, they
will say any [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing they want.
They will post [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] We've even found
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pin numbers for places posted
because people were disgruntled and
pissed off. The other thing that can
help in that angle is look up glass
door. Glass door you can get a
temperature out of a place such as what
the employees are saying, how the
interview process is. Uh HR posts a lot
of information out on the glass door
that they shouldn't and it's really
awesome. But you can also get a
temperature of how people interact and
what the culture is through black
door. So to further prove a point, if
you go through style guides or dress
code searches out there, you'll find
stuff of even people creating memes
inside of these uh manuals and
everything. And again, this illustrates
a point. You don't want to stick out.
They're pointing out to this lady who's
not journalist business casual. And they
even pointed out in their uh manual.
Again, newsletters are awesome because
you get a sense of how people dress
day-to-day in the business and how they
interact. You don't see the typical
website public image that you get. You
get to see day-to-day how they're doing.
You also get to see all the cool
information that obviously the legal
department or the infosc department has
not screened before they release it. And
we have found everything from the
controls and explanations on turn styles
and security systems on companies that
we've broken into just from the company
newsletters. So that should be a very
very big resource you hit first. And if
you have one in your company, you should
probably go in there tomorrow and go,
hey, what's the process of vetting
articles and content before we put it
out into the world? So, in all this
talking, we've talked about kind of how
to frame ourselves and to do some
research with OSENT on how to go in, how
to kind of profile a company, see how
people are dressed and everything. And
granted, I only have 45 minutes here.
This is usually something I do like a
twoe or a multi-day uh workshop for. So,
we're cramming it in right here, right
now. So, how do I get some extra items
and clothing or uniforms you may not be
able to get a hold of? on the paul.com
or Paul Security Weekly podcast, they
mentioned uh Larry mentioned that it was
impossible to get certain uniforms of
certain companies and I'll show you
tonight that's not the case. What I love
doing is going to Goodwill. It is
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] incredible. Go to the Goodwill
thrift store, thrift shop, Salvation
Army, whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's called. Buy
your Target and I guarantee you, you
will find all sorts of amazing things.
Uh, I know we have fed people in the
house, so I won't mention some of the
things I found, but they were recorded.
It's a pretty amazing what can be found
at thrift stores. So, what I like to do
is go around and pick up items such as
uh things that can help in situations. I
had one uh job where I had to break into
a data center. The data center had
biometric reader, camera, one door in,
one door out. The sock could view
everyone coming in. The client basically
set me up for failure. There was no
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] way I was going to get in. So
went to a thrift store, went shopping,
came
back, got my handy dandy clipboard,
which all of you should have cuz this is
the most powerful tool in the universe.
This gives you so much power. If you
have this in your hands, if you're
walking around the hallways at work, you
look like you're busy or you're on a
mission. So if you're breaking into
places, this is a great thing. We I also
like the ones that open
up simply because the fact if you're
going around to a copy room or your uh
printer area or common area, you can
grab documents, throw it in there, walk
out the door, and no one knows the
Yep. handy dandy uh clipboard and a
So, it's a Dell certified technician
t-shirt or shirt. So, it's a polo. So, I
put that on, created a fourth work
order, put it on the handy dandy
clipboard, knocked on the door, said,
"Hey, I'm here to look at the racks. I
just need some serial numbers. I don't
got to touch nothing. I just got to make
sure these things are in the racks. Can
you just let me back there and do it?"
Sure enough, they looked at the word
order. looked legit. I had a shirt on.
Again, we're playing with their
perception. They expect a technician to
show up. So, we took advantage of that
perception by augmenting it with the
shirt and I dressed up like a
technician. And to augment it with an
accessory, I had a clipboard with a work
order. The guy even signed the work
order for me. It was pretty bad. I I
felt like a total [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
So to show Larry Peshi
wrong, he stated that it was nearly
impossible to get a hold
of shirts and uniforms from major
delivery parcel services such as FedEx,
[Applause]
So, you can find a lot of things at a
thrift store, but even better is you can
find clothing that you normally would
pick up like Docker slacks and a shirt.
And the benefit to that is not only is
it cheap, but it looks worn. And that's
a key thing. Uh, back in the late 80s,
early 90s, which is probably a date my
age actually, the rave scene in Kansas
City was pretty funny because the Kansas
City undercover cops would show up to
raves wearing a neatly pressed out of
the package Pink Floyd shirt tucked into
jeans and tactical boots at the Red Bar.
They Yeah, exactly.
and uh some other places in
but uh G coffee. Yeah. So uh again you
always want to pay attention to details
but with but the clothing you can get
stuff that's very worn and why that's
important is you don't want to run in
looking like hey I just pulled this off
the rack. You want to look like you've
been there. So worn clothes and well
wororn items are good at Goodwill so you
don't have to distress them. Again, I
don't have time, but I actually go
through and show you guys how to
distress the material such as putting
rock salt in a dryer to distress
clothing and everything. So again, it
all boils down to details. So do your
homework. OSI composes everything and it
makes or breaks an engagement. OSI
should compose 85% of your actual
engagement process because your actual
exploit is only going to take seconds
just like using metas and the rest of
the time needs to be spent for
documentation. So the majority of
upfront work will make or break the
engagement. Use company pictures to
really look in and zero into the
similarities so that way you can really
profile of how to dress yourself and
blend in. Another thing to note is how
badges are worn. This will kill you.
Some companies wear badges with the the
lanyards. Others have them hanging.
Others have clips. That will give you
away because people see people every day
at work and they're used to the image of
how someone wears a badge or how it's
expected. If you change that up, people
will zero in on you immediately. Also,
remember the small things add up. If
you're going to a hospital impersonating
someone at a hospital, you put scrubs
on, those scrubs better match the color
scheme that they have. But certain
hospitals have different colors of
scrubs for different roles and tasks.
Also, if you're going into a hospital,
pay attention to details like your
shoes. If you're wearing scrubs, you
don't want to wear boots. You want to
wear very comfortable, well worn in
shoes. You don't want to wear new
sneakers. Those are little details you
just need to start thinking about that
give you away. And at the end of the
day, keep it simple. Like again, this is
all about using fashion to augment the
pretext, not become the
pretext. So, some other things to think
about with details in the extreme
angle. You always have to think about
everything. And what someone does not
tell you about red team testing or
engagements is there is no calling
timeout. So you might find yourself in a
situation in which you're stuck above
ceiling piles in a building for a really
long time and you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up because you
drank a lot of coffee the night before.
So there are a lot of things out there
that you have to consider detail wise
because you cannot call time out in an
engagement and that's just
life. So the other thing I advocate is
dressing in layers. What I love doing is
getting a jacket. You can start out
getting into a site with a jacket.
Jacket has a lot of pockets. Looks
benign. looks business casual, can be
taken off. You can carry it. If you
carry it, it can help you facilitating
pickpocketing with badges and other
things. Uh it can also be a prop, help
you uh act clumsy, drop and fall over
and pick up
things. But at the end of the day,
dressing in layers is nice because you
can change your appearance immediately.
like a hat. I can drastically change my
appearance by adding or subtracting a
hat, removing my glasses, adding
glasses, removing a sport coat, removing
a tie or dressing layers. So maybe you
take the button-down shirt off all the
way. Why this is important is maybe
sometimes once you get in
somewhere, you've kind of burned your
entrance in and you need to facilitate a
change and pivot around. And what I like
to do is going into bathrooms and
changing or just changing anywhere I can
and running around inside the building
as well. Avoid loud colors or logos. You
want to avoid anything that can identify
you when you
change. So you want to avoid some very
obvious things. Again, you should never
ever impersonate any law enforcement
official, officer, agent, etc. Not only
is that stupid and illegal, it shows no
value to the client at all. It's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
stupid. All you do is you show that your
employees are susceptible in following
the law and susceptible to little
gulability. That's all you're measuring.
It shows no value in the client. Avoid
big brands and logos so you can't be
centered out. Avoid gimmicks. And what I
depend. As you can see, I resemble all
hacker tip art at this
point. I have all my tactical equipment
on that I need for the job. My face is
concealed. I'm in all black. I stick out
so bad. I stick out. There's no
comparison. You never want to wear all
black. Never want to undo gimmicks.
Can't see you. Turn on the lights.
Exactly. Because the the main point is
you don't want to draw attention to
yourself. If you're all dressed in black
and you're digging through a dumpster at
out. So, no gimmicks. Gimmicks will give
you away. Avoid tactical clothing. Do
not dress in any dark clothing at all.
And why I say that is if you're digging
through a dumpster
uh and you're just wearing a pair of
khakis, you're going to appear like you
belong
there
and you can get out of things
easier if you're wearing a pair of
khakis and you look like you belong
digging through the dumpster because you
lost your retainer, your contacts or
whatever. Fill in the gap. Streaking. I
can tell you from firsthand experience,
my good friend Bob used streaking to
facilitate a distraction to a guard
station to let his friends in. Uh it is
very effective.
It is illegal. In a lot of
jurisdictions, it is actually a sex
crime. You'll end up on a sex offender
list if you're caught. So, while
streaking is an effective tool, don't do
it. Also, freshly purchased clothes give
you away. Restrictive clothing. While
skinny jeans might look good on you, if
you're going to do running, climbing, or
other things, you may not have kids if
you do that. So, avoid things that are
restrictive because also, if you have
loose- fitting clothing, you can dress
in layers, shed layers, hide stuff in
pockets and pants and stuff. If you're
wearing jeggings or whatever like Cory
does
it, it's not going to allow you to
facilitate stuffing things in places.
Also, the number one thing is don't
violate the dress code. that's why you
did the research in the first place. So
that's all good. Let's apply it to some
scenarios that you can actually take out
and do. What what I do first is think
about how do I get in and how I
facilitate that is think about what
support systems are in place. What I
mean by that is what third parties are
employed by that target company. So is
there someone that comes in and sprays
for bugs? Is there trash pickup? Is
there janitorial service? Is there
cents? Is there a uniform company? what
infrastructure support through third
parties they have. That's the easiest
way to get in as well because it's very
easy to again that same data center that
I spoke about earlier. I had to go back
and test
it a second time which I thought, oh,
I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I walked right straight to
the front door and these people saw me.
They signed my work order last year.
They obviously are not going to let me
in this place and they were really
pissed off last year.
So went to Walmart in the middle of the
night cuz I was pissed off and trying to
figure out how to get in here. I just
picked up a simple pair of
overalls. I then went over to the home
and garden section and picked up a bug
sprayer. I worked up a work order. On
the work order, I mentioned that the bug
spray content, the uh insecticide was
very dangerous. It contained
dihydrogenated oxygen.
So, I filled it full of dihydrogen and
they did
oxygen, knocked on the front door again,
had a hat, hadn't shaved in about 7
days, had a cigarette hanging out my
mouth and asked them, "Hey, I'm here to
spray for
bugs." And the guy just looked at me for
a little bit and I showed him the work
order and he said, "Okay." So, I went in
and I sprayed the dihydrogenated oxygen
in corners around the data center away
from the equipment.
picked up what I needed to have the guy
sign the work order and left. Again, we
took advantage of the perception and a
simple bug sprayer picked up because of
the third party services through
building management. They had no idea of
identifying who was who or what. I had a
work order. I looked official. I took
advantage of his perception. Had a
uniform on. What's there to deny or how
does he validate that? So, he let me
in. So, change of clothes is very
important. I stressed earlier, sometimes
when you get in past security, you may
be on camera and you're burned. So, you
need to facilitate a change of clothes.
You don't want to run around with a
backpack or anything. As least possible
amount of materials on your person as
possible is what you need. Otherwise,
you're going to stick out. You want to
look like an employee. So, take a change
of clothes with you. Get into the
bathroom. In the bathroom, you can use
the most successful social engineering
accessory I'll show you today. And I'll
show you how to make it. It's pretty
pretty powerful. You use this mechanism.
You put it in the bathroom. It gives you
privacy. And then you change your
clothes, stuff the clothes up in the
ceiling or stash it somewhere and move
about your
day. How that works is you use the
special device and you put it on the
door of the stall. That gives you time
to just sit in the stall and no one's
going to bug you. As dumb as this
sounds, make sure it's handwritten
because if it's handwritten, it's easy
to buy off and no one wants to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with
the stall. that's broken. No one wants
to look in there. No one wants to deal
with it. We just assume it's bad
handwritten note. And you can even stash
your equipment there all day if you need
to, too.
Believe me, this is a powerful powerful
tool. Very expensive, too. Hey, what's
on the bottom right hand corner? What
does that say? I actually don't
remember.
I was bored. I had to sit in the
bathroom for three hours.
So, now we're really serious. Again, I
condense this down to about 45 minutes
cuz I want you guys to get the really
meat and potatoes of paid. You can use
perception in your everyday of how you
dress and use that, frame it as you
would printing exploits and take
advantage of that. So remember, clothing
is going to augment things. It should
not become the pretext. And visual input
is very, very powerful. Perception is
the most powerful force in this
universe. You can take advantage of it.
You can shape it. You can craft it. You
can move it around. And always remember
to research everything. Otherwise,
you're going to end up looking like
something in a pedar slide. Anyone have
Fueler.
So, Aaron, we got something special for
you here, man. All right, Brian, let's
All right, everybody. Uh, thank you for