thank
you all right uh as I get started click
already
failing click all right as I get start I
want to say a a show of hands who
already has some set Casey
coin wow that's pretty amazing uh let's
see a show hands who's never even heard
of SEK
coin that's pretty good I I actually
I'll I'll take the way that that worked
all right there we go all right cool
well so what I want to do tonight um is
I want to talk about what setc coin is
how it works how you get it um all those
kind of things I am going to end with a
question period And I really do expect
some questions right so as I was putting
together these slides I I realized that
it's a very difficult topic and there's
a lot of things and a lot of complexity
um that that goes into something like
this um and any questions that you may
have about getting started those kind of
things uh free the free form here I want
to give a little bit of back background
so when uh right before Bitcoin became
huge um us and at work we weren't
working one day instead we were you know
trying to use all the work computers to
mine
Bitcoin and uh and so we uh I I know one
guy who would go to Micro Center and and
buy a computer mine a Bitcoin and then
take it back right um and so I I really
got into cryptocurrency and and was was
really interested in it I started to
understand a lot about the alternate
Point those kind of things well 3 years
go by and Cory Kennedy Cory are you in
the house no he's then Cory you are
banned let's hear it Cory 1 2 3 Cory's
banned 1 2 3 Cory's banned all right
there we go well about 6 months ago Cory
was going to give a talk at se KC coin
about ransomware and as part of this
talking he's he said well um I'm going
to start our own cryptocurrency I'm
going to start set KC coin
um and what's and what Cory did was he
he forked Litecoin so Litecoin is
similar to bitcoin um and he forked that
repo and changed it to make Set casc
coin uh the the logo uh he he came up
with the logo it's actually um uh
Unicode 23 E3 yes there is a 23 in the
Set casc coin logo that's not very
important to us um but he forked the
light Litecoin uh and created setk C
coin really as as a way for our audience
to really start to understand what is
cryptocurrency how does it work what is
a blockchain how does it work um how do
I transfer a coin to you and and how
does that work how does all this work
without having to put in any real money
into it okay so so set KC coin was born
as a way for if you're interested in bit
in uh elect elic currency or
cryptocurrency or what the blockchain is
or how peering works or how mining works
if you're interested in any of those
topics Set casc coin you can get in for
nothing right so you don't have to buy
um and quite honestly um and even though
we made some jokes here earlier you can
mine Set casc coin and we'll get into
that a little
bit uh currently um there is a value for
setc coin um so right now 100 SKC
so I'll start referring to it as
SKC 100 SKC is equivalent to about $1
us which is kind of amazing because I
mean we just kind of made this coin up
um it's it's already U it it it has a
market if you have a cash of Set casc
coin and you want to sell it to somebody
go for it if you have some material or
some some product that you want to sell
for Set casc coin
do it Caleb where you at here Caleb's
right here Caleb brought some uh
customade Network patch cables tonight
that he's selling for set Casey coin how
long are
they Max 2 in just the
tip what I don't get it what fun um but
regardless of what he's selling it's
really important that we have somebody
that is selling material for Set casc
coin they have value so really what what
set cas coin is is really used for is
you can only buy set KC swag with set KC
coin all right in the slack Channel um
some amazing programmer wrote a a setc
coin bot where you can tip money to
anybody else in in the in the slack
channel for something cool that they did
if somebody said something funny give
them 5 Set casc coin right if if
somebody helps you out give them 100
whatever you know give them a buck
well so what that's what that's done is
that's really started to bring our
community together right so so now we
have a way to reward users of of the
slack Channel anybody that that
contributes or works at set KC so we we
had um you know Michael do 101 we've got
our DJs in the back there's a lot of
people that put a lot of effort in set
KC every month um and before what we
were giving them we gave them high fives
now we give them th000 set casc coins
just for open
out so let's talk about how how do you
start to get into Set casc coin well the
interesting thing is if you're already
in slack you already have a wallet
address and all you have to do is ask
the bot hey bot um so the bot's name is
tip tip SKC um I call it
tipy
tipy right if you were to say Tipsy help
uh the the bot will come back and tell
you everything here's how you get
started um we do have a Wiki uh that
that shows you how uh that will go
through a lot of the things I'm going to
talk about tonight but it also has
commands so if you were to say uh tipy
uh give me my uh deposit address it'll
show you your Bitcoin or I'm sorry your
SKC address and it looks just like that
right so it looks exactly like a Bitcoin
address um so as you can say see from
the command I I gave the bot a deposit
it came back and it said that this is my
address if anybody in this crowd were to
either copy down that address or take a
picture of that that QR code you can
send me SKC from any client whether it
be your your your client at home which
we'll get into here in a second or
through the bot or I can deposit money
to that I can also withdraw money from
that
address so so who here has never done
anything with cryptocurrency before it's
okay show show your hands woo Okay cool
so I just uh I threw this slide in here
real quick um we we uh we do have our
own paper wallet generator um it is
official it's out on wallet
generator.net with with all the other
coins out there Bitcoin likecoin all all
of those other coins but what's really
important um especially in this crowd
considering that um that people are here
to uh to Shenanigans are encouraged uh
is is to understand that you have two
address
okay so it uses you know something very
similar to public key cryptography right
so you have your public address earlier
when I showed you my address uh that's
my public address anybody can have it I
could print it on a billboard and it's
essentially so so this man I
like very well
done so so the the the public address
is uh you can share that with anybody
that is like saying this is how you were
to give money to
me okay your private address your secret
which was the picture that was just
being taken is a private address this is
how you access that money you should
never share this private key ever to
anyone um and you should always back it
up right so if you had um if if I were
to give you a a paper wallet which
you're looking at right here um you you
would never want anybody to take a
picture or copy down or have any access
uh to that secret key but the private
key you could share uh
publicly so I do want to talk a little
bit about the bot so um whoever This
Magnificent brilliant absolutely
brilliant programmer was that wrote this
bot they they built in a vulnerability
into the bot and it's very important
that you understand what this
vulnerability is so first of all the bot
maintains one
wallet okay and if I were to send you
500
coins the what I'm actually doing is I'm
sending the bot 500 coins and the bot
keeps track of the user ID that received
those 500 coins so if somebody were to
find a vulnerability that could
leverage they could steal every SKC that
exists on the bot every single one
they'd steal it from me they'd steal it
from you they they'd steal it from
everybody they'd steal it from every
single one of these addresses so the way
the bot works is as I as I send you some
coin the bot says hey this guy right
here does he you know is he supposed to
have any coins yes he has 500 coins and
he wants to send it to her so it has an
internal database where it just
transfers the money over to this address
and it keeps track of that does
everybody
understand so we don't want to keep our
SKC on the bot right that's a
vulnerability if somebody were this bot
lives in a slack Channel 24/7 with a 200
hackers this is not a good thing to keep
the good news is is that you can create
your own wallet right so on uh on coin.
secc.org we have a Wiki with
instructions that shows you how to
compile your own wallet and what's
really important about this and the
reason why I'm talking so much about
this is you need to take these same
considerations if you're working with
real coin like Bitcoin or Litecoin or
anything you never want to store your
Bitcoin in somebody else's wallet don't
say don't save your Bitcoin in some
bot's Wallet create your own wallet and
save it there so uh the the the wallet
right now currently exists for Windows
Mac and Linux um I will tell you if if
compiling your own code is something
that that seems very difficult um the
windows client is is uh wine friendly so
if you're running a Linux box or or a
Macintosh box you can just download the
windows client and use wine to run it
and it works it it works absolutely
perfect there aren't any downsides of
doing that other than generally speaking
you probably want to compile it for your
for your native client and on coin.
kc.org there there is instructions that
will walk you through
compiling um compiling the client for
Debian I think right yeah mainly cuz
that's what I run I wonder who wrote
those
some keynote speaker I
think so the best part about
SKC or any other cryptocurrency is you
don't have to buy it you can mine it
yourself um and right now as uh for
those that that do understand
cryptocurrency and really want to hear
about it Set casc coin uh has zero
pre-mined coins um and the reason why
that's important is
uh when we start well there's there's
the Genesis block which is block zero
which was pre-mined but block one
started with mining okay and the way
mining works and I'm going to
oversimplify this and if anybody really
wants to come up and describe it in much
more technical um you know description
feel free but the way mining works is
this is the network as a whole takes a
takes a look and it says how many people
do I have contributing CPU power into my
network and then it decides how hard of
a problem to to issue back to to the
group and so every block that's
generated is a is a cryptographic
challenge and it's pretty neat the way
it works it sends out a random string of
text and it says I need a I need you to
Hash this with script uh script is the
hashing algorithm so that it starts with
one Z or four zeros right and if you
know anything about hashing that's a
very difficult problem it it basically
your computer has to brute force uh you
know over and over and over try hashing
it with this try hashing it with that
and then if it if it solves the problem
if it if it generates a hash that starts
with the two zeros or whatever it sends
that back out to the network and the
network then validates that and then you
get some
coin so as we are you know as we were
going through and taking a look at how
do we want mining to work um we we came
up with some you know with some fairly
interesting things if you if your
computer solves the problem you are
rewarded with one.
337 SKC coins right um we also
controlled how many coins were released
per day um based upon um how many blocks
were released and uh you know if you're
if you drink enough and you're not
really good at math it comes out to
about
1,337 coins are generated per day
right yeah or here or there right um but
the great thing so so earlier when we
were talking about about the client and
that you'd have to compile it yourself
or do it and download it or whatever
that's the hard part once you have the
client running and if you're running on
Windows you can just download the client
right off of coin. secc.org and it'll
just run um or if you're going to use
wine same same thing but if you want to
mine the only thing you have to do any
any Litecoin m Min so I just threw a few
examples up here but but any Litecoin
Miner will will immediately run and and
work you don't have to do any
configuration to the minor you don't
have to recompile it uh you don't have
to make any changes any Litecoin Miner
will work
miners so who here knows what an Asic
Miner
is I I see a few very very happy Souls
around the audience who know what Asic
miners
were well let me tell you something a
little story about mining
so so as I mentioned the the the
problems that we that we issuing to
these computers are very very difficult
and when Bitcoin when Bitcoin created
their uh their algorithm they went with
uh with shot
256 and um the the interesting thing
about shot 256 is when that paper was
written
that was a pretty secure
hash but um what happened as Bitcoin
became more more popular and became more
valuable some very enterprising people
and and even some here in Kansas City um
that actually debuted their thing at
setc who remembers butterfly Labs do we
have any did anybody attend the
butterfly Labs talk at setc
I those are your old schoolers right
there
folks so what they did is they made
custom chips that specifically ran Shaw
256 and what that enables is so as bit
the reason why Bitcoin works the way it
works and why you want that that um the
the challenge to uh the difficulty to to
uh to meet how many computers are there
is you actually want it to be just just
the difficulty to be just about where it
takes for it gets too expensive to mine
right so the amount of power that it
takes to mine so if you if you were to
you know run a video card and the fans
are spinning and you got to have it
cooled you know it can take it can take
700 watts to mine a coin right so you
want to raise that difficulty where it's
it's actually not that profitable for
everyone to mine all of a sudden Asic
miners come out and they make dedicated
chips that that run that hash and now
what used to take 700 WTS on a video
card now only takes 2 or three watts in
a
minor so that's when Litecoin came out
and they introduced a uh it's a memory
hard uh hashing algorithm called Script
um script uh essentially if if anybody
here is interested in cryptography or
hashing um it's a memory hard problem
meaning that you have to you have to
keep a table and say you hash this then
you move over five down back you know
just if you're interested I can talk
about it later um and the reason why
script was chosen because um it would be
very difficult for Asic miners to be
created guess what happened Asic miners
are created and and now um you can you
can once again purchase Asic miners uh
for you know 20 to 100 bucks or whatever
um and you can and you can mine you know
a crap ton of SKC which I believe we're
going to they won't they won't tell me
exactly what they're doing over here but
number so I mentioned that in order to
mine uh there's no configuration
necessary as that's actually a little
bit of a lie so as we were compiling the
clients um we also recognize that that
we're we're sending some software out to
out to a bunch of group of hackers and
so by default the uh the configure we we
we Harden the configuration of the minor
so if you were to go to coin. sec.org
and download the the the default config
we've gone through and made it much more
s we've secured the client um what you
would need to do is you would need to
edit your setc comp file and open up RPC
RPC connections all of that's really
well documented online I'm not going to
I'm not going to show you how that works
but but just know if you were to
download the client um and run it you're
not you're not opening yourself up to to
any types of attacks or anything like
that um and and even if you were to open
up the RPC it it does limit um the
access to the Local Host now you can if
you if you really and I put some
comments in the in the configuration
file as well but but you can open up
those connections to the world and I
would really s highly highly suggest you
don't do that if you but if you do tell
me and I'll show you why you shouldn't
have
um last but not Le not last but not
least um Rick did did rickon show up is
he
here so um last but not least a guy SE
member stood up setc coin um this is a
block Explorer um for the setc coin SKC
I know it's really kind of hard to see
here but what this is showing is it
shows every
transaction um it shows um it tries to
track it downloads the blockchain and
tries to track uh where money is
transferred who's uh not who but between
add addresses uh is transferring money
uh which address has the most money um
those kind of things and and if you
haven't ever done anything with
cryptocurrency it's I would would really
suggest you visit setk coin and take a
look so um I'm this is my last second to
last slide so I'll just add a little
commentary here
but even though the addresses are
Anonymous and and and so my wallet my
personal wallet probably has maybe
50,000 addresses in it right so I can I
can on the Fly create a new address so
if I want you to send me money I can
create a new address that's never been
seen before you send me the money and
then poof I disappear right so while it
is anonymous everything is tracked in
the blockchain that's that's actually
the the purpose of the blockchain is not
only is everything tracked but every
transaction is cryptographically signed
and proven by the network so if I were
to send you money the network itself
goes back the miners itself go goes back
and cryptographically proves that this
money my money went over to you and you
can take a look at at the blockchain and
prove that out so um from there I am
going to I'm going to open up to any
questions I know I just threw a ton of
stuff at at at you guys um and and for
those of you that that don't have any um
experience with with set or with any
kind of
cryptocurrency I just I want to leave
this with you Now's the Time right now
is the time with Set casc coin because
it cost you nothing to get involved you
can um if if you know even if you don't
want to try Mining and you want to and
you want to get started hit me up on
slack I'll send you a couple coins or
just get on ask some of the members
around here we can you know we'll give
out give you a few coins for you to
start with um but but now's the time uh
so oh earlier in in the story I
mentioned that I I got really interested
in Bitcoin and all those kind of things
and I and I let it sit for a couple
hours what's this heard your
story this what story it's the first
time you talk I think we have a
tradition here
water if you've spoken several times
here before you have to take a shot of
water
apparently that was either water or
really good vodka um but but anyway what
I was going to say is I had completely
forgotten everything there was about
about cryptocurrency and when Cory
Kennedy came up to me or or I'm sorry
didn't come up to me but but released
SKC I had to start all over and I got to
tell you I right now I completely
understand how how cryptocurrency works
it has really been one of the one of the
most beneficial things that that I
personally feel have come to setc so
with that I'm going to open up for
questions I think I I just had a
question so on you said the blockchain
is is as a crypto signature on that
stuff how difficult is it for someone to
analyze and actually reveal who the
transfers made to like if you were to
have your 50,000 wallets and St with
that and you transferred 10 times is it
any more difficult does it get more
difficult with the the the levels of
severity there so that's a really good
question and the answer is if if somehow
I can um so let's just say that I have
50,000 addresses and you have one okay
and you were to send me that money that
transaction is is is shown to the world
and and they can walk that address back
to you right well then then they see
that transaction they come and look at
me well what am I going to do with it
right so let's just say I move it to
another one of my addresses so you know
um that transaction once again
cryptographically signed um no matter
where I send those coins it's going to
be cry cryptographically signed so if
you if you were to take a look at uh
let's let's move into like the the
Bitcoin environment where maybe I'm
going to be buying drugs or or or
something maybe I'm going to be buying
and let's not use drugs perhaps I'm
going to be paying for
Netflix I'm really sorry he was just in
Vegas yeah I was just in Vegas
um so so a lot of times what what people
will do is they they uh they will they
will Splinter coins so the cool thing is
we're talking about math so if I were to
send you one I can send you one or I can
send you a 100 point away away right and
uh and and so what a lot of people will
do is they they will they will fracture
or they'll Splinter and and there
Services called tumblers and and so if
you if you haven't heard of Tumblr way a
Tumblr would work is if if the three of
us had 100 coins and Benson wants to buy
Netflix all right um I send 100 in Trent
sends 100 in and Benson sends 100 in the
the network there splinters everything
uh they they Splinter into
.1 and they jumble them all up they move
them all interact and then and then 100
come out to the adets that that Bon you
know to
Netflix the the network doesn't know who
those original 100 coins came from cuz
they came from the three of us so does
it
anonymize so I don't know any FBI
audience want to answer that question um
so the answer is kind of okay um so if
you wanted to be totally Anonymous right
the way that you would do that is you
would create a paper wallet and you
would buy coin in cash and then that
that paper wallet has no has no history
tied to you I don't know why I just told
you how to secretly buy Netflix hey Bill
so slack sounds kind of cool what the
hell is it and how do you join slack
that's an excellent question so um how
many people on here are not on the set
casc slack 1 4 12 200 okay how do we get
on this
slack info you can email info.org or you
can uh just come talk to one of us we
can add to you manually or or or you can
add add to the Google add request
addition to the Google group when you
send you like invite to I can do it a
yeah soon soon uh so right now email
info.org and soon we will have slack.
secc.org that will allow you to get in
post it on the slack Channel yeah you
post it on the slack Channel request
access to slack go to parties and then
request that's
funny
questions all right I well I'll ask you
a question bill is the 50,000 Bitcoin
addresses or 50,000 pcoin addresses just
because just for fun is there actually a
reason to have yeah okay that's a really
good question so so when you're mining
um Let me let me go back here and and
look at the the client um so this is the
this is the setc client and if if I were
to enable I'm sorry the SKC client if I
were to enable mining into this client I
have a couple options all right so let's
just say that my computer is mining
1.337 coins what about once a month now
um I can I can either send it to my my
public
address right so you can see this this
public address or I can have my minor
every time one is minted to put it to
create a new address and put that 1.337
into that new address um and and really
the only reason why you would do do that
over just sending it to your your bank
account is for obsc I mean that that's
really the only only reason it doesn't
really matter so much in SKC but in
Bitcoin if I were to then want to buy
Netflix that might be the better way
maybe would you save on transaction Fe
by keeping them separate uh you wouldn't
save on it from keeping them separate
you would save on it if you send it to a
Consolidated address because so the
question the question was oh I didn't
even mention transaction fees I I
completely skipped over that um so the
question was would you save on
transaction fees if if you were to do
any one of those mining strategies
affect transaction fees and one thing I
didn't even talk about was transaction
fees so back to your question uh earlier
when when uh when we talk about the
network um goes back and
cryptographically signs every
transaction right what's actually
happening is that's part of the
challenge that's being sent back out um
to the network right so this hash I need
you to uh I need you to prove that this
exists and um and what as a function of
that that's how new coins get mined we
pay miners to to U validate those
transactions that's occurred in the past
that's called a transaction fee so if I
were to send you 10
SKC it may cost me um you know
well thanks for asking a really
complicated question it may it may cost
me
0.01 SKC just to send coin and what that
has to do is that has to do with the
complexity of the transaction so if I
had if I had mined all those coins into
one address I didn't have to do any kind
of consolidation I could just send this
one address to that one address and then
0.1 now if I were to have M to multiple
addresses what my client would need to
do is consolidate those and then send
those over to her and then each one of
those would have a transaction fee
associated with a
0.01 um and it and then I would go to
the network and then each one of those
would have to be um verified before the
money went over man that was really
complicated I'm sorry never had to
listen that I
apologize yeah is a transaction fee flat
or is it percentage
so so the question is is the transaction
fee flat and and the answer is it's math
so the transaction fee is determined by
how complex so the base transaction fee
is
0.01 um the transaction fee that that
occurs is it dependent on how complex
the transfer is I I know I wouldn't want
that answer either um and it's very hard
to comp very hard to compute so actually
what happens uh and so in the whoever
that brilliant programmer really needs
to get on that on the bot um and figure
that out but essentially what happens is
it has to take a look at how complex
that transaction is am I pulling from
one wallet with five and one from one
and one from Seven add those up um how
big is the packet is it is it over the
block size is it going to take more than
one block right so it takes all of those
into consideration before and that
that's how the transaction fee is
computed whatever
bank right hey Bill do you have any
plans to merge in all the latest Patches
from Life Point or we still going to be
like hatch on this by hand every time so
um Richard do you want to raise your
hand and take
that no I do
not so so the question was do we plan on
um so so the fork from Litecoin uh is is
a few commits behind and he's asking if
I plan to to merge that back and and I
guess the the the answer is is um I
don't I I don't plan to do anything if
anybody would like to take on the
challenge um yeah do it it's not really
overly that complicated but um I'm kind
of you know it's kind of out up to the
community to do
that how many are available how many are
out in the wild right now dude awesome
question
um so if we go look at at um so this is
SKC SKC coin do do well there you go so
right here is the network hashing rate
this is how many people are mining right
now so let me just put this in
perspective okay so a an average MacBook
Pro um with eight cores with ton of
memory the fastest the you know the
fastest of the fast can probably
generate around 30 kashes so 30
KH okay it's not bad an average uh $500
video card Can Can on average mine about
what
900 kiles 900
KH all right right now the N I took this
right before I mean literally I was
building the slides in the car on the
way over um while driving while
driving and drinking and and watching
Netflix that's old
right now we are currently at 17 Giga
hases so Giga that's that's over so
kilah has
megahash gigahash I believe that we're
going to understand how that happened
here
shortly oh but that didn't even answer
your question sir um the the next the
next tab is the current difficulty and
then the next is the coin Supply right
now there is
115,200
64 SKC in circulation with uh
1.337 being mined every 80
Seconds you can run the map what's that
who's doing that I don't know but
transac you know the transactions are
just screaming right
through any other
questions is anybody plan on on that
doesn't currently have Set casc coin
plan on going and and getting involved
running a client not these guys they're
involved so so I I would really really
encourage you if if you've heard of
Bitcoin or if you've heard of Litecoin
and you're interested in understanding
this is the opportunity get involved
right now um if you do have any
questions I I just especially I know
that there was a lot of new people here
hey Bill yeah I got a question okay okay
somebody that's ran a pool uh before
that many miners would go ahead and
contribute to and you'd all go ahead and
resource yours back to the the the main
coin uh I know how much it costs to go
ahead and try and run some of that
infrastructure I'm curious how much it
actually can I ask how much does it cost
to go ahead and run the the collective
uh Set casc coin uh logging system the
The
Source oh that's a really good question
so right now so let me make sure jny
father I got the question right the
question is is um not the mining
equipment but how much does the setc
coin infrastructure costing us right now
the setc
uh Set casc coin infrastructure is
running on the
lowest um the
lowest uh digital ocean droplet I think
that's five bucks a month and a
Raspberry Pi 3 in my
basement yeah please if you're going to
attack one please attack the digital
ocean
one um now that and that cost that cost
nothing right the mining is very
different right so um yeah it's it's