so Wayne gave this talk actually not a
Def Con but both b-sides and he gave
this talk in one of the villages which
wich village pharmacy in the in the wall
sheep village which is pretty cool so
I'm excited to see this because even
though I watched when I say 38 talks
it's time for 39 and 40 tonight let's
give way in a big hand hey guys soon it
started ok I have 290 slides we're going
to rotate through and if you see my talk
no I like to do it fishing fishing
adventures and chasing slimy creatures
or the TMI of Wang Crowder legal
disclaimer entertainment education don't
break anything hacking Wi-Fi is breaking
the law hey who is this joker wing
powder you don't know me come see me
afterwards TMI to follow all right I
grew up in the great state of Alaska so
when you think of Alaska you probably
think about doors and fishing that makes
sense you also probably think about this
it's super cold so when it's really cool
then you can't be outdoors and doing the
things you love like fishing your price
spending your time watching this guy
right I watched a lot of bill dance I
awesome do some crazy things he taught
me a lot about how to catch fish that
I've never even imagined that I would
see because in Alaska they don't have
the kind of fish that bill dance was
fishing for you know you wouldn't really
hook your nose back home with this kind
of Lord so some of you may have
experienced fishing with this all right
how many here played this one of the
game
yeah I didn't know that the
Globetrotters actually fished so there
they are boom slam dunk right some of
you know about fishing because of this
second bass fishing all right but a lot
of you probably spend your time on the
water with Grandpa or another loved one
and you had just this awesome time I
know I had a lot of memories it's also a
great way to impress the ladies all
right caught you a delicious bass you
know it is a great way to have a first
date it worked for me and my wife all
right no there is no hope for this woman
so at DEFCON they were doing stuff like
this they were fishing from their hotel
rooms but there are those who in the
fishing industry that can't go fishing
okay no I let me get back to the basics
Major League fishing big-time money to
catch fish like this okay $100,000
$500,000 million-dollar payout bowls
like this equipment like this it's a
serious stuff it's basically the NASCAR
of water right some of them even driving
sideways okay all these big beautiful
checks if they feel stadiums like this
and like this just to watch people
whitefish and for the guy to get his
trophy right that's why he's there now
the TMI a wing powder this was me on a
billboard many years ago I had a
campaign with an auto dealership rock
truck i bought this is me hugging my
evil twin this is my rap this was me
holding the same fish right trying to
live that dream touching any kind of
fish well it's trial sometimes I could
caught weird creatures either wonderful
opportunity to go to the Amazon and I
got my trophy okay but more importantly
I got to kiss fish right but then
something happen
seriously something happened this may
have happened to some of you last week
okay Windows 10 set up something
happened in my life and this is what
happened my oldest son who's actually
named Fisher because of how much fishing
I did he was diagnosed with autism and
the only experience I had was something
like that was there was one time than i
had taken a kid out on the charity event
it's called cast catch a special thrill
and I taken the family out it was the
first time they've been on the water
because of the needs of their son and so
I had to change my priorities okay I had
to kind of think about what was going on
in my life because I've been working
jobs like this I've been kind of this
multi hat-wearing guy and always loved
security but I needed to kind of get a
little more job security because I
couldn't fall back on the moonlighting
as a professional fisherman and a lot of
my friends had told me hey you got to
become a security analyst you're really
good at what you do go out and do this
so it brought me to Kansas City
full-time gig as a security analyst I
loved it and as I'm working I find out
that hmm this is interesting because I
found out we I found out that bro
fishing has a lot of similarities to
infosec okay you know with me you might
be saying are you serious and yes I am
serious cuz any monkey or a boring a
tank can fish right but what does it
take so let me explain we're on
this can anyone tell me that this is
anyone it's crickets this is Moxie
Marlinspike any spearfishing this is
moxie cleaning a fish I censored it for
those who might find that offensive this
is a lure named moxie okay no one knows
Moxie Marlinspike one of the well-known
hackers of the DEF CON era I thought
that was interesting but once again I'm
off the rails so let me get back to the
similarities of how infosec analysts and
fishermen are different but the same in
many ways first off training ok how many
here have been to a sans training this
year alone and none yeah this is me in a
sans class right this six weeks ago
actually bass fisherman help training
the past university very similar to sans
travels around the country they have
major events they're pros tha this is
what you need to do these are the things
you have to do ok so after your training
it's time to get your serious analysis
skills and start to do your research ok
so a lot of times as analysts we have to
look at maps here's a great map
depicting what we need to worry about
for this area telnet HTTP different
things like that as fishermen we have to
do research for maps like this where
we're like okay well is it over here can
I check over here things like that but I
want to explain that research is
something that a lot of times is hard to
teach okay research doing research is
the success of an analyst both as a
professional fisherman or as a security
analyst so nothing compares to time on
the water that was a term that was used
as fishermen you could do all the map
research you wanted and it's it's a
great skill but nothing beats that time
a mohawk right nothing beats that
experience that you'd have so obligatory
Star Wars slide research stuff is
researching this clones now
infosec bro spent a lot of time looking
at charts like this but they need some
context or situational environment they
need to understand okay will what is
this so they're going to click on a
bubble zoom in maybe fishermen are going
to look at maps like this and here we at
least know that this might be fall and
winter so where would you find following
your fish here's another screenshot of
some analysis from the back it just
looks like a bunch of white lines
probably a front this is actually a
sifter now it shows you a lot of data
but you need a little more context for
the fly fishermen in the room this is a
river and there's 12 points that you can
look out of where you might be able to
find fish okay lot to analyze so another
key area that professional fishermen and
security on this tab is the big picture
and this is supposedly an on a
photoshopped goldfish that this guy
cotten your big fan but what's the big
picture well the big picture depends on
the perspective possibly they may have
something like this for the infosec
people in the room what's the big
picture here yeah haven't you miss that
guy I love it so we called it up the big
picture here is you probably want to
throw this computer away because it's
got every kind of browser toolbar in the
world you want to get rid of right but
really the big picture for info SEC
alice is to catch all the bad guys okay
you want to catch everything for
fishermen you want to catch everything
as well you want to catch all the fish
so that's your big picture there's
another comparison what's this one what
could this one be shiny things right in
infosec we get caught up in a lot of
shiny things I think bill gave a talk
the first time I ever met him it was all
about avoiding the shiny things so
here's one of those shiny things that
sometimes we may spend money on for
fishermen we have a lot of
anything's as well something like this
or look at this beautiful shiny thing it
looks just like the fish right next to
it right shut up and take my money I
want that shiny server or I want that
shiny lure it's no coincidence there's a
company that was called fishnet thank
you in the back right so I thought that
go over a lot better special kind of
city points security analyst and
fishermen love points okay some of you
might be salivating right now just
looking at this beautiful list of points
right a lot of fishermen pay money for
charts that tell them that a this point
probably is a good place to look for
fish another fun thing that info SEC
professionals and fishermen town or our
t-shirts so I thought that was funny and
of course have you been to any of the
cons you know that t-shirts people will
do anything for t-shirts for fishermen
just about the same thing one day
they'll name a lure after me and you
know you have whole stores dedicated to
fishing shirts you can have your hack
naked or fish naked shirts quite
personal okay patterns patterns are a
big thing in both fishing and infosec
anyone know what pattern this is
actually it's a biblical fish pattern I
thought that was appropriate for this
when you're fishing along the bank you
can see a point there on the left
there'll be some structure maybe some
grass on the right maybe we'll be a
little bit deeper but the fish will
usually tell you much like the bad guys
what the pattern is what's going on okay
so let's say it's the vegetation right
well here is a pattern anyone on the
front row tell me what the pattern is
how about this WordPress vulnerability
right we're looking at things we've seen
the pattern scrolling through w p / WT
big stickers stickers are something that
are important to both fishermen and
infosec professionals some of you may
have a laptop that looks like this some
of you may have a vehicle looks like
this if your fisherman okay this is a
weakness is up in Alaska the gentleman
who was very passionate about his trial
and salmon fishing some of the boats are
even completely covered by stickers
vinyl wrap who here can tell me what
this is an HTC Desire now when I spend
the time to put together a slide deck
like this and I use a lot of visuals I
really screw up my google profile and we
start searching for desire I'm trying to
figure out how to mix that with fishing
and if you'll say you end up with stuff
seriously these came from my searches
yeah I gotta have a lot of desire right
to make it through I even found a rule
34 for fishing I'm gonna leave it there
while I talk about desire so in fishing
you have to have a desire to put up with
the travel the the weather the
environment you know the crazy days
things not working out and in in full
seconds it's pretty much the same thing
you really have to have a desire because
it's pretty easy to be a programmer and
get to go home at five o'clock everyday
or not to have to deal with an outbreak
of the latest malware you know you got
to have the desire the burning desire to
want to stop this to prevent to clean it
up and deal sometimes with the travel
and maybe you just really enjoy it but
designer thought was a key thing and now
that this is burned in your brains good
luck washing that out so organization
that's it a big thing that I've seen and
I've been very impressed with a lot of
stuff i'll see if some of the cons
switch the black hat i see some cool
stuff this is looks beautiful it's very
well organized if Todd for fishermen a
lot of the same things they like to have
their bags and their equipment very much
organized a lot of default stuff some of
you may even had a bag like this at Def
Con if you went for in years past where
you got just about everything to do what
you need to a badge a DEFCON right
friend of mine I stayed with in Vegas
his garage looked like this I felt that
was appropriate all his doors organized
and label some of you may have your code
here you like to organize it share it
out with others another fun thing I
thought I found out about was I've run
into several analyst who like to have
lots of tabs open and I thought I was
fun to show the appropriate names of how
many tabs you know 110 110 tabs
them and you know that might be
organized to to that person to me it's
organized because I have it but also in
fishing you'll have gentlemen will have
their complete deck full of rods like
this this is this is very common much
like you're going to have somebody who
has a ton of tabs open they're gonna
have a lot of rods and I've had people
get my boat and say what in the world
are you going to do with all that well
there's a purpose for each one right
methodical you have to be very
methodical as a security analyst and
also as a fisherman you have to be
patient there's a lot of time some
things don't work out there's people in
this room will probably not a pen test
and it's gone two three four days on a
five-day engagement and maybe you don't
really have something good and you're
worried about having to write a report
with only a couple paragraphs so
patience is key sometimes so you can
break out sometimes you need to be able
to adapt an adaptability is key in both
the fishing world and also as a as a
security professional you need to be
curious you need to have the curiosity
of the squirrel tum phir what's going on
I love the slide I put it in because
first off I was curious as to well the
world was in the cooler there below the
gentleman that looked like a float a
barber but more importantly it's the kid
in the look on his face like what are we
doing here it says this look like I
don't understand but curiosity is a
fisherman when you drive by a lake and
you really have the passion for it
you'll look at a pond like this and
you'll say i want this live in there i'd
like to catch whatever Zender you're
very curious you want to know and so you
have to be data curious as well as it as
a
as an analyst you have to look at things
like this and say okay wool what's going
on with these unique computers
communicating out I need to know what's
going on or you may get a screen shot
like this that says malware is it hip
and some of you may just shut this off
and close your browser but there's some
in this room who will say I wanna know
why this popped up right your data
curious another example of data curious
is maybe some dns points the characters
in your your url maybe between this high
point you'll see there that's where it
is i did find it interesting that as I'm
do this research up pop squirrel fishing
there's actually a thing at swirl
fishing i thought i'd share that will TL
because you should research it one thing
that info SEC professionals do is drink
a lot and some of you can tell by the
earlier presentation but in fishing we
get sponsored by companies like a Yeti
to keep your brood pool okay so here's
the challenge let's see if we can get a
cooler sponsor challenge accepted right
or what's bill monroe's guys Wow
mistakes
this isn't awesome actually you can find
this video it's pretty crazy truck just
starts attacking this thing infosec
professionals and fishermen have to
learn from their mistakes and clearly
this fish did not learn from its mistake
but the issue like that the sony had
there were so many mistakes both by sony
and by the media and by companies like
this they decided to say hey it's
somebody named Lana used to work there
you know they had to learn from their
mistake I have a friend his name's
Brandon he became a pro few years back
he made a major mistake last year and he
he pulled some fish meaning he removed a
fish and replaced it with a bigger one
in an area wasn't supposed to he lost
the tournament he was actually bleeding
the event but he learned from that
mistake actually in the next event and
why why why why I beat everybody this
was a cameraman who was too close to
gentleman fishing while I was trying to
film in fishing and he got a pretty
painful mistake even though he looks
pretty happy there got 2 treble hooks in
this some called this a mistake it's me
a few years back getting a mohawk I
don't really call a mistake I mean when
you're going to get a mohawk and get
away with it right I decided to turn it
into an opportunity and put the puzzle
piece on the back put my son's name on
the side and to me it wasn't a mistake
it was kind of a full circle moment you
may be saying sorry bro what kind of
boar was just have to do with everything
and you need to fish or cut bait you
need to make get on with it but i am i'm
getting their promise so that takes me
to DEFCON 22 and that's last year hours
before flying out this is what happens
to me and I do have some witnesses that
can attest to that I think Brian's in
the room
had to put my socks on was at Def Con
last year I blew my back out and I took
a lot of these and maybe a few of these
but it also gave me the idea for a talk
for SEC Casey's talk later in the year
and this is where i plug in my top side
plucked set Casey both IV sites and Def
Con and the idea here is you need to you
need to have a local club this is what I
told the crowd and just like local bass
fishing clubs it's it's something
similar I meet with some guys once or
twice a month and what we do and we go
over grassroots stuff about fishing and
we teach each other things and we go you
know we go do tournaments amongst
ourselves so much like local bass
fishing clubs we have a local security
club and we had a challenge called
Trixie and for Trixie the idea was to
submit a live demo of some kind of
hacking and that's what I did and we all
did it for the Chromebook right role did
it for the Chromebook so I had a great
time at that and I submitted for both
the b-sides and Def Con and I got my
speaker badge to be sads ok I got to
speak at the whole sheet in their in
their cool room and then something
happened to Def Con and I thought this
was fun because this is our own jurist
taking a picture something happened in
the death on and while i was at DEFCON I
had another injury and so I had to go
see a doctor actually went to the doctor
today to have this happen so that this
could happen because i had bit almost
clean through my tongue while i was at
DEFCON so that's the kind of fun I had
and this is kind of out of focus for a
good reason but I just thought it was
interesting two years in a row
two major injuries see what comes with
it well back to the equipment so the
reason I'm here doing my talk is
comparing fishing to fishing is for
equipment like this this is some tech
from the 80s juris prolly has this on
his boat now right yeah or last year's
model you might have last year's model
okay no it does move slow a news past
fishing technology move pretty slow I
mean right here this is basically
receipt tape it would print a graph on
this kind of roll of paper and that was
cutting edge and that was it was a while
back they went to grayscale then they
went to this cool light but style graph
another similarity we have to look a lot
of grass or info side so there you go
graphing but we go back to build and
build and says hey kiss traditional
stone our goodbyes because we have units
like this it's a big 12 inch unit it
runs so no runs all pile of them does a
lot of things it's four grand I mean
these are full-blown computers and they
give you an imagery like this you have
some amazing detail this is sci-fi and
left side of the boat right side of the
boat you can also see down below plus
the sideline above and you can detail
all the fish down there though swimming
you can see all the structure things
that have been discarded or maybe stuff
that was there when they flooded the
lake of the reservoir you also have the
ability to say okay well this is a lot
of noise when I clean it up and over on
the right side there you can say oh this
is my anchor line this is the grass that
are growing down you can see here
there's an open field you know kind of a
flat area would call you're out on a
flat but it was like what is that weird
Rob didn't meet that's not a rock
where's my car there's your car right
there so this isn't your story this is
so true that in March a guy from my
basketball found this car when he was
coming in from fishing one day and
that's pretty amazing clarity p asked me
because that's the car right there that
they drugged out after he notified the
authorities so by him having this kind
of technology on his boat he was able to
close a cold case from 1972 and the
family got some closure these units are
also used sometimes to help find people
who've drown and it's somebody down
there they put a dog cage because
they're on metal to help them find it
later on they got to come back if they
can't go recover it but back to what
we're talking about these kind of units
require a ton of networking and believe
it or not there's some become hubs sonar
hubs and they have some equipment there
and they got a lot of cabling but they
also have Ethernet cabling and now they
have access points so this is a go free
access point up here on the table
there's a lot of people come up after
the top I have already plugged in they
run a special cable proprietary ends
there it's basically 40 to 55 bucks for
a six foot cable and I was wondering why
in the world is it so expensive and it's
five pins see here and just show them
this if everybody wants to play with
there is that they have one it's only
two pair but it's shielded so that's one
reason why it's so expensive and here's
the pin out of it when I crimp somehow
and I made my own little cable which
allowed me to plug it into any device I
want it now for those who may be
thinking about hey I like to fish and I
have some equipment I like to hook up
you can take your favorite tp-link for
twenty bucks you know take a loan out on
a cable and then buy one of these from
amazon and you can power up your own TP
link and make a wireless access point
for your fishing device as well but
let's get back to a profound on so go
free I said hmm I'm going to hook it on
a computer and I'm going to run an nmap
on it and I'm going to see that talonnet
and port 80 are open it's kind of cool
port 80 what's on port 80 what do you
think the username password is for this
yes I've been having I wish it was fish
fish gonna be awesome he's so sweet so
add an admin hey we're in suite look at
all that status I get my SDK version you
can see right here the platform it's an
RT 3052 embedded switched got a lot of
stuff on board here's the operation mode
for bridgegate way they're building
these so that you can pull your boat
into your driveway hook it onto your
home network and then basically go out
and fiddle with your unit right talk
about the features go through maybe
upload some things they have an app
store you know what could go wrong there
with Wi-Fi and things right you have
your simple settings so here's the SSID
default you can see the passphrase very
complex only eight characters all upper
and numerical no lower case and no
special characters but let's say that
you didn't make a cable or you couldn't
access the you know like that here it is
right here every unit has them printed
just below the mac address their
password ok that's it was like are you
kidding me but you know I guess they got
to help these guys out so you could
literally socially engineer your way
onto a boat and a guy's garage or on the
water to take his Wi-Fi password ok and
then once you take his Wi-Fi password
you could maybe go see the pros who are
making money of this and if you still
it'll wipe like Wi-Fi password you can
maybe see where they're fishing what
they're doing because that's the
curiosity are you want to be like why is
that guy there in that area what's
belonging so double time i demoed this a
trick see some of you are there i'm not
going to go into the details of how to
crack the Wi-Fi i'm just going to go
through the screenshots of arrow dump if
you don't know it you familiar with it
you can watch the presentation last year
but basically you're going to monitor
you're going to see where it's at you're
going to
a bit and once you get it you're going
to go ahead and crack it and I got the
stats from the crypto village at Def Con
and a password that's only upper letter
and numerical can be cracked anywhere
with an Amazon instance can be cracked
anywhere within hours to a few days just
with a generic video card we're talking
less than 30 days so the idea that you
could go out and do harm to some of
these professional fisherman who might
have this on their boat is a reality
when they're using on these older units
so we have the password we're going to
get the Lorena tap all right there's an
app that goes on the phone anyone who
can come up and see this later once you
get it on your phone you can basically
turn your phone into a screen mirror
what's going on display or you can put
it on your your tablet and then your
tablet can actually control the display
so you don't have to go down to the unit
you don't have to touch it you can
actually just have a tab there okay but
what if you have a fishing pole that
then had one of these screens out of
Wi-Fi antenna or had access to it and
then you just walk around and its own
our driver you drove around a lake
instead of war driving your sonar
driving all right you're driving around
all the fishing holes trying to figure
out who has these units maybe you made
an evil sonar ap right you're going to
have them connect these are the things i
want i was trying to figure out so i
wanted to see how the unit communicated
with the access point so the sonar unit
i let in map do its beauty and i came up
with a screen rare technology and GT
screener or gstreamer is the program
they're using and also that here in a
little bit but also decided we're on an
nmap scan on the actual sonar unit
because i'm like we'll wait what's right
on the sonar unit and there's a lot
riding on this one right and i was very
surprised ftp 480
rtsp that's your streamer and then NFS
and bind so RPC line good I was like
okay well let's go over to the port 80
port 80 that's your Lawrence us our file
where's jurist yeah what does that mean
the lowrance us our file yes you want to
download your user Waypoint pause that's
what that sort for the user Waypoint
file so what our way points well this is
a tracking mechanism that bass vass the
organization put in on all their boats
for the for all their 11 12 tournaments
a year where you can see where each guy
goes on the water and I got a guy
sitting in there with a phone that
punches in data and that phone sends
back where they're at and hey he got
some fish and he's doing that so you can
say hey Boyd duckets over here and catch
him Creek I want to work point buckets
doing well take his password up in see
what's below see what kind of structure
he's fishing on boom this is a bomb why
is it a bomb because his Wade points are
on that machine so once you have access
to his way point it's kind of a big deal
and let me explain why waypoints are a
big deal if waypoints are taken that's
like taking Moxie Marlinspike Skov repo
that's like taking this gentleman's
recipe book okay these are the things
that are the commodity it's the kiss of
death so I want to show you kind of a
quick demo of this if you have time to
up time on the wrong City okay okay so
I'll skip the demo and I'll go through
the slides of if my demo failed so one
thing you can do is you can go download
them the waypoints and now you have
access to where everybody's been fishing
on the lake but what if you wanted to
blow a US are far what if you wanted to
mess with people okay what if you wanted
to say hey every point for what if you
wanted to send a message so here we've
uploaded a series of waypoints and you
can see there's one big giant Waypoint
and as we zoom in that's your waypoints
that someone accepted okay so you can do
that and this is what I demoed live at
both of the talks is how you could
basically detail someone's sonar unit
and a sense of waypoints so here are
some more features on the device the
device actually communicates via the
access point through telnet with and
also ftp to be able to exchange that so
so there are there are vulnerabilities
I'm I can't I haven't gone into too much
detail on my last talks because I'm
working with the manufacturer of these
units I reached out to them and I'll get
into a little bit later but I talked to
them about how there's some man in the
mental issues there's some scooping
issues going on maybe some buffer
overflows it can happen with some of the
technology they're using here's the
streamer again and the fact that you
have everything you need here to
possibly exploit the streamer this is
the telnet information so i don't know
if you can see this but over on the
right there it's it's basically issuing
all these commands and getting answers
and if you go down to almost the very
bottom on the right you'll see that it
gives out the wpa psk and it gives you
the password right there so even if you
can't get to that unit you can just
figure out how to plug into
I could be any good to go I also ran
file on the colonel dumped in for the
updater and found out that this is
running Linux and what person it's also
an ARM processor it's using busybox
heavily and so I got some information on
busy box and then I said okay what
version of busy box is it 1 02 02 and
then I found a lot of other things that
made me think this is probably slacker
all these packages are on there and so I
thought about hmmm that has to do with
some licensing probably and i asked the
manufacturer the last time we
communicated just before I went to be
sides and death gone and said hey can
you tell me two things can you tell me
what you're doing about the GPL
licensing on the devices and can you
tell me in the act of phoning home do
you send any anonymous to statistical
data of like where the unit's been
what's going on other features and I got
crickets in fact I've ever got from the
sense so I was communicating with two
different people over the wireless
access point go free stuff and one over
the actual lowrance unit they've been
really cool up until then but I haven't
anything sense so I don't know if I talk
to mirror for the lawyers got involved
there what maybe there's waiting to see
the recording of one of the talks but
you know here's some more data this is
the shadow file that's issued to all the
devices and you can see the root and the
one on the bottom NOS those are the user
accounts we decided to see if we can
crack those I was like well why not it
didn't really take very long that was
under a second right there to get the
passwords and the passwords are Nos so
we kind of let them know that
information here's the screenshot of the
information that you can actually turn
off on these units and say hey I don't
want this the phone home every hour
because it does phone home to about
three or four different websites for the
manufacture the the problem i have about
the units is that Wi-Fi is on by default
i will tell you good things that have
happened with the new generation that
came out this year they made the
passwords more complex so they've added
lower so they're not quite as easy to
crack but you can get to that password
if you have access to the unit in five
touches of the screen it's just boom
boom boom in there you got everything
you need so there's a lot of issues so
I'm trying to work with the manufacturer
there's a few more things that I could
talk about kind of holding back until we
get some more information and you know
I'm hopefully going to work with him on
a bit if you're doing something like
this you want to make sure that you you
work with them that you're contacting
them and disclose the vulnerability
right do it responsibly so some of you
might be in the crowd saying fishing is
so stupid how in the world did this guy
ever get accepted to talk of all these
places or I'm dying right now but it's
nothing to do with fishing really I mean
this is just a piece of hardware that is
amazingly technical and more powerful
every year next year they're going to do
3d you know later this year they're
actually going to do 3d rendering of
everything underneath your boat and
you'll be able to completely look in a
3d model of what you've gone over and
recorded okay very powerful but even
more importantly these units especially
the more powerful ones they have a def
basically three companies within the
same company and simrad is are the ones
that they put on ships and other major
boats and if you look below there's
there's something that concerns me auto
pilot now on my small units autopilot is
disabled by default but autopilot is on
a lot of a lot of the ships or boats
like this ships like this and if you can
mess with the you know like this because
it has some Wi-Fi enabled or maybe
they're using Wi-Fi just so the captain
can look at the test the display while
he's in his cabin at night you may be
able to take a cruise ship like this and
causing that right you can mess with
stuff we know that the military has had
some issues with some of their drones
because of the quick push to get things
automated
here this this class of drone was taken
offline by the Iranians with basically a
Doss they flooded the communication
systems of the wireless communication
the default for this drone was to go
ahead and land safely wherever it had
access so they just waited it out on a
thing landed right in their own country
we know about the Wi-Fi enabled vehicles
Chevy has theirs you have aironet what
you're going to have to just let any
other vehicle this was this made news
for the last two weeks because it was
talked about last week black hat DEFCON
we have Wi-Fi on planes and we got guys
like this that are in big trouble
because they worked on this and talked
about it and you know they might have
were waiting to find out but they might
have actually did it while the plane was
running but I don't know i don't think
so but it is true that you can have
something similar on planes like this a
smaller class you know maybe these more
private jets or even a Cessna the garmin
has tech like this where you can take
your ipad and you can go ahead and chart
out everything you want to do and you
can modify how your plane flies for the
tablet the Internet of Things deals with
this insulin pump this is a guy who
actually got sued by the company at
manufacture the incident insulin pump
because he was doing it and notified
everyone of how old dangerous it was how
insecure it is luckily they back down
once everyone else said well you're
crazy he's trying to help people a lot
of your home's might have equipment like
this you may have installed something to
help you automate your home help you
with your home automation this was
actually in the house ice data in Vegas
and some of you might have a nest the
Internet of Things is huge there was a
whole village of Def Con I think it will
be even more prevalent they had a
refrigerator at the Internet of Things
they wanted you to happen if I had an
extra cable as I'm so paranoid for my
talk that I didn't want to leave it
there because I thought maybe my unit
with a cable would walk off because I
needed it for my demo but they had a
table at the Internet of Things village
and they had all of these devices that
were laying on this table and you could
come in you could pick the IP address or
something he could just go at it you
could scan anything to try to exploit it
do other things with it so the idea of
this talk was I want you know I need you
and we all need you to take her in to
hack and when I say hi I mean it in the
real sense hacking was something that
made things but and it does make things
better because it was people like this
that did talks with Ted and did talks
last year they talked about how hackers
are the internet immune system right now
we're experiencing parts of the world
where there's no creativity allowed I
talk like this would actually get me
thrown in jail in some parts of the
world and I'm talking first world stuff
not third world stuff those countries
are now they think the kind of meeting
we have in the discussions we have we'd
be in big trouble the idea here is to
use your brains to do some
problem-solving back to the squirrel and
we don't just want words right we don't
we don't just want manufacture saying
things we want actions and sometimes we
might need to be the ones who do the
actions so I want you to have the amount
of things for good and I want you to
accept that challenge i'd like to see
you do something this fall or the next
year so thank you very much for your
time
that was great stuff I actually ran into
the guys from the Internet of Things
village in the line at the airport and
they said to me that they had I think 28
zero-day vulnerabilities discovered just
during DEFCON by people to want it into
the village and we started messing
around with stuff so this stuff is is
out there it's problem if you've gotten
any of these internet connected things
at home don't assume that the people are
putting together know what the heck
they're doing around and mess around
with them mess around you never know
what you're going to find and Trixie is
right around the corner before i talk
about Trixie for a moment only complain
something so I know he wanted to spit at
DEFCON he asked me if I thought it was a
good idea and I was really pulling for
him every time I see a round come out
it's like man this talk is great this
talk is great but I think what happened
was that last year we had so many
Internet of Things talks I think they
were just like hey we got a village
we're going to put it over there but
this talk was really good this talk was
better than some of the stuff that I saw
even in my track for 3,000 people so I'm
not gonna let Wayne get out of here
without something to stick to his his
safety vest next time they ease in the
boat so here is a DEFCON 23 speaker