all right I know so here's a quick
overview of multi go hopefully so on
this screen stuff is working on your
all right there we go there's more than
one way to skin a cat so multi go for
those who don't know it's part of the
kali linux distribution it's hidden
under the information gathering portion
event there's two editions free version
of the paid version I didn't spend any
money for this sucks oh we're going to
talk about free version now you can get
it on linux mac or even windows which is
what i'm going to be demonstrating it on
so what multi go does is it tries to
make some connections for you based on
information you have or information that
it gathers for you and the main thing
you need to know about multi go is it
lets you know that the internet is a bad
doorman you know we all like to think
that we're nice and hope people out but
one time years ago I walked over
somebody's house because they had come
over to my house and asked for something
so I went over to drop it off and they
weren't there somebody completely
different answers the door I said oh
yeah it was a this random girl that
lives here that plays rugby I was
supposed to get her this thing that's
all I knew about her and the guy the
doors like oh you mean Sarah yeah she's
gone from another two hours she's going
to be at this exact location she looked
like two friends here are their names
they're driving this type of car
anything else you know in you got phone
number anything else email address
what's facebook profile this guy was the
worst doorman ever just gave me all the
information I possibly need it and while
that guy is synonymous with the Internet
thanks to multi go so set up it's pretty
easy once you download it and solve it
or you already get it on colleague you
open it up there's a setup wizard part
of that setup wizard you got to create a
free account if you're using a free
account a quarter you paid account if
you use your free account it's going to
ask you to renew every
with is your API license key because
it's free and they like to annoy you you
can choose a machine or you can roll
your own machine for the purpose of this
short top we're going to talk about how
to find a person and how to find
something off of their twitter handle
another key part of the Free Edition is
the results are limited so if you pay
for the full price you get more
connections and it will constantly
remind you that you have the Free
Edition and how you're not getting as
many results as you possibly could so
we're going to the person to email
address and since i'm here at set casey
i decided to go on the website and find
one of our founding members and if you
go to that page right now at the bottom
there's the founding members and then
like the very ones like the three prime
members and i think the first one and so
since Casey is near and dear to me much
like the Justice League we're going to
pick the prime person and as we all know
the prime person is right in the middle
there so we're going to find one or
woman who if you go to website you can
verify its Alex and then to each side so
then to each side we've got Superman of
Batman and that's a Quarian bill they
can fight over who gets to be new and
then the rest of you founding members
you can fight over the flash and all
those green liners and cells and you can
whoever loses gets to be Aquaman but
it's really very easy your chef input
their name and then click finish and
wait so this is not going to be a live
demo because that would mean I have to
be on Wi-Fi with the rest of you so once
you get results you get to select the
interesting things and when I search for
Alex I found these three right here Alex
at side Casey bill and Cory and then
they were linked to the site que sea org
also PQ org and played at google com and
then for the next one we did Twitter so
again off the set Casey website just
grab that it's going to give me all the
associated hashtags users I do have to
log on to Twitter to do this so you can
use your personal Twitter thing or it
may be perhaps you engaged in some legal
mischief beforehand and happen to have a
dozen or so random Twitter accounts
because your student loan servicer
changed your student loan payments
without notifying you then maybe you
just happen to have some lying around
that are a little bit more anonymous and
I may or may not have a script to create
those on hand if anybody needs it
so now we hate twitterpated we search
for site Casey there on the Twitter for
the hashtags I found Kansas City big
surprise and can ask city which is
really close to Kansas City it's like a
look at Don's kind of like Edwards
though you don't even notice you
switched over to it other interesting
ones hacking Casey Casey Trixie go
Royals and pone to win all the ones that
were found with the free version in like
a couple of minutes on my network at
home so then from those hashtags I can
go deeper and just too easy click on the
thing I can search further I can find
users who have tweeted at that person
users who are following their friends or
affiliations see if they've been league
in anything on pastebin with their name
on it find out anything about their
facebook account that might be paired
with that and then this one I thought
was interesting any other dynamic dns
locations so now you can find out where
they were not just on twitter but
afterward if they're not good with their
facebook all right so quick summary
before I switch over to the other screen
because this is a nice full computer and
it barely is handling PowerPoint multi
go is a good starting point if you're
doing some recon you can find links
between people and different companies I
said it's free limited to a few results
but it gives you a decent start and for
those who don't know is my last set
I love you too but there's no set Casey
my group in Albuquerque so so site Casey
beats NE albuquerque group and sound the
only thing that God is a monthly
luncheon that cost you seventy five
dollars a year and you still have to pay
for lunch are you intrigued witness
protection true no I believe this all
right so here we go sorry Wonder Woman
got all of his first and last name right
there off the set Casey now I didn't
know if he was also alex government at
hotmail 80 lower men at hunton Alice
edel at hotmail randomly he could be
sensor at amazon or i don't know why i
came up with our commie gamma at
bloomberg dotnet is there something Alex
needs to tilt yes sorry Wonder Woman for
the rest of the night alright so now
we've got it oh it's over here bill
Corey and corey just happens to be the
one that's connected to all of these PQ
I haven't heard of that but perhaps
that's not safe for work and maybe you
and then we switch over to the twist
there's a lot of stuff there so each of
those means something different we
started up here with just the alias of
set Casey and then obviously the first
thing i found was the second Casey
person and then it gives a different
affiliations people that are affiliated
said Casey all the pink ones or twits
the yellow ones or url's got another
alias here and that we've got the
hashtags that we talked about so as I
can zoom in on each of those it shows me
different things that they've linked to
like the wiki that set Casey that order
set Casey jobs we got the poem to win
hashtag another set Casey fav let's say
go back this way so you can see so got
Trixie which I heard was awesome if you
guys did go you should go again this
year I
and then just the what they talking
about hacking and as I scroll up i can
start to see the different hello there
there were tickets still remaining for
Trixie but over half of them were
already gone there's a ton of stuff
about Trixie a family their twitter is
very busy and that's out of here a
hacker showing support for the royals
was another interesting one there the
audience voting more talk about Trixie
and then we also get to see all the
little icons of people that are
associated with set Casey the plantain
district is a solid supporters said
Casey and Rob Lynch there we go a cert
kilobyte a lot but again this is all
just quitting information that you got
right from the set Casey website don't
have to do much and this tool will go
out and I'll find all the different
connections so if you're trying to find
people so to see it with a certain
company a lot of them will make
different people follow them on Twitter
or the things like that or even if
you're just looking to figure out what a
potential target has in their interests
that you could find a way into leverage
them to get more information this is a
quick easy tool because it's already
part of the toolkit and the free version
does enough for a short talk the paid
version apparently make some of our
other speakers a little bit so thank you
guys I'm not going to take any questions
my faulty go nicely go I some of us are
in management we don't have to know how
to use tools where's the GUI alright