thas Gardner um if this is your first
time here maybe you're trying to get
into infos SEC this talk is probably a
good one um inmap was one of the first
tools I got encountered with it's a
pretty common tool when you're beginning
because it's easy to use easy to
understand it's simple Port scanner um
so you kind you can kind of just say in
map and whatever you want to scan let it
go we we get into that um also if you
were here to listen to the National
maternity action plan I'm sorry but
hopefully you'll find something
interesting
anyway so uh to begin with in's
importance use it's used to collect
information on systems it's usually a
first step kind of penetration test and
it's very verstile it does Port scans
and even do version OS detection and
later on we will get into some scripts
that it can
use um it's mainly meant to be used from
the command line there's a tool called
Zen map it's graphical version of Z map
but it's kind of shitty and don't use it
um that's a personal
recommendation um every option is
available from the command line as
opposed to Zen map uh if you're not
comfortable with the command line get
used to it uh because it's and you want
to use inmap please get used to the
command line because this is the best
way to use it
um like I said before using in map is as
simple as in map and then an address or
a host name or an IP range
um for for input you can do an IP
address a single IP address a single IP
address
like 192 blah blah one um and all that
different was up there you can also do a
file name and you have specific
addresses that you don't want to type in
one by one just throw in a file name and
then in map will scan the file and do
whatever you want to do it's very nice
also if you're of a certain malicious
type or have some other to scan random
IP addresses on the internet I won't
judge but there is an option for that um
you just give it an IR flag and then the
number of posts you want to scan and an
app all
that so on some of its particular
features um there's something called
list scanning list scanning is great for
host Discovery if you go on inaps uh
documentation page it'll actually be
under the host Discovery page um it
basically just calls up the router asks
who lives at
say can everybody see that even in the
back no I'm sorry that's as big as I can
basically um basically all this is just
a list of IP addresses and um names of
what devices live at those IP addresses
from the network there's no information
no packets sent to the actual devices
themselves it's just from the router to
whatever scanning machine you
use um ping a host if you ever heard the
term ping some computer there is a tool
called ping and inap does use it it's um
part of the icmp
protocol it's nice sometimes to
determine if a host is online or offline
but it's inaccurate some hosts just
completely block them because they don't
want to be found at all and in map uh
you can specify it and tell inap not to
Ping anybody so you're a little extra
selfy but it might yield some kind of
weird
information so always be careful when
peing within
that um service finger printing this is
actually a really cool feature I've had
to do a lot more uh research on this to
this particular presentation andap has
this giant database of services that uh
services
that live on certain ports like SSH on
Port 22 or HTTP on Port 80 common
services that it expects to find when it
sees that Port 8 is open um and it'll
send particular particularly crafted
packets to these ports after it's
already determined that they're open and
depending on how the response is set
let's say it's an FTP banner and then M
recognizes that it will tell you with
near 100% certainty that is FTP living
at that Port because uh it's possible to
say put FTP at a different port like
Port 80 if you
want uh it does this by again analyzing
uh what the response from the server is
like TCP buffer size which is kind of
the the max size that TCP packet can be
at um some os's even have different
buffer
sizes um here's where what is
that um here's where also OS and service
finger printing come in too um this
there's a dash a flag capital a right up
at the top um and it turns on a whole
host of what internap calls Advanced and
aggressive uh services or fingerprinting
techniques that's why cap so it does OS
detection um and service finger printing
like specified in the previous slide
also does trace routing which can be
useful for if you're inside a network
and you need to know what path it takes
to uh a server and it does script
scanning which is a very neat little uh
flag that I will get into in a second
the only problem is if you're trying be
really stealthy um it has very heavy
Network usage do not use this flag be a
little more specific what you want to
find because literally tens of thousands
of packets are sent at any time you can
try a TCP dump and analyze the the
packets sent from your in that machine
and uh find that out on your own so inap
scripting um this is the really cool
part of inmap that isn't un
unfortunately is not commonly known um
in map can do things like BR Force FTP
credentials or uh check to see if
there's Anonymous logins on EX on
graphical X servers and FTP servers they
can see if there default passwords on
certain ports is very cool and the inmap
database has uh the inmap website has a
lot of references to these scripts you
can find them at the bottom there
um and for example if you want to run
one of these scripts you just specify a
D- script flag and then whatever script
name you want
um and for example this is SB OS
Discovery and you can enumerate S&amp;B data
over a network just using you don't need
an external Tool uh there's also a
script help flag in in MF itself that if
you don't know exactly what you're
looking for but you know the general
idea like you need something over HTP
you can use Rex to find a script name
that might help you and that is it I