okay that start off with there's one
thing I want to emphasize there's a
whole perspective people those system32
bullets go out look at each one of them
if you don't do anything there are so
many things out there in the system32
folder that most people don't even
realize have a clue what they actually
do so we're going to just talk about
start off with something fairly simple
godhood you know probably everybody here
is inspired and potentially but it's
really a very simple thing that you just
have to bring a folder and a part of the
creation of the holder you get okay here
we go
kamo and it's basically every simple
Administrative Tools that you have all
the way down backup devices printers
everything and one handy baby
one-stop-shop yeah a lot of people
forget that that's even available it's
really only Windows 10 there's sort of a
continuity and that some of the others
Windows 8 with those seven but not
really and
witness the first one that really offers
a cool gone mode now there will be a PDF
available as well but all you have to
really do is create a folder plot that
string and a little bit okay we speaker
at that put the context of the god mode
including the properties of the folder
and hit enter in your dock that's
basically is so they're going to go back
that's basically another slide capture
of it now these are some of the general
security useful pfeiffer a lot of people
forget that you can wipe the free space
for an entire ride every format with
Jesus library I use it primarily just
for generic white because the whole lot
easier white and if it does DoD levels
right and whether you're doing SSDs or
desert-type robocopy we'll talk about
that past pain and get an act GPR result
you may think it's only bird with its
domain services that you can use for
other little things to get property to
sell out Suri till it's erect as well
for a Swiss Army knife of GP certs
primarily if you're dealing with another
certificate authority but it does come
in useful with other things and a
traitor report I primarily will use
trace report to examine and compare
involves so it's lifer is totally
dependent on rights and only NTFS and
even more solid as home versions of
Windows 7 which is this 8 whatever even
if it's the personal or home if you
can't encrypt but you can decrypt the MS
files if you have the cert and more
importantly you can use it like this to
do a cyber slash W and then submit the
drive or folder and it doesn't three
times wider free space no it does not do
black space and if you know what slight
space is I don't need to tell you but
it's at the end of every block of files
there is not right to every single eye
so consequently that is this black space
robocopy
I like rebel copies so much better than
what the X Copy and all the various
different I still will be our there are
other copy utilities that they old today
well I really use it for is this spring
that you see down at the bottom is doing
servo copies to copy the Mack modifying
access and change attributes so
consequently we will copy from the
target writers s to a server vector with
all of the attributes copy all and
verified and then retry but and then
display to send the results to a results
log the whole purpose of that is so that
I have something I compare the error
otherwise it's just going to output
there's other ways to do out that this
is the way I consistently do it now it's
hard it's worse by work if it's NTFS the
NTFS you can do exFAT you can't do a 32
but it seems to take forever
and there's known issues with expat
fat32 that not fully I copy all the
attributes it will try get max path peg
now get act is your basic shows all the
MAC addresses and you or other devices
what I like to do is that if you are
using sort of like any of the sis
internal tools you can use it to display
the local active devices on another
device as the attempted user that you're
trying to authenticate against so like
if you do get back slashes one nine two
one six a concurrent - - you'll get in
for a fully qualified domain name it
will provide it to you if you have
existing authentication against it or
you can add strings to it - and the
elements of authenticated pass pain is
basically throwing a mix of 10 and
traceroute and combined and then it
basically shows the hops and you can do
it and it shows that
duration as such is to be it so much
sir until answer reckon now primarily if
you're using a encryption or any type of
public key type of process you're going
to need to learn how to use all begins
and outs of sir detail and servant sir
rec if there's other things you can use
out online to create the csr create the
certificate or certificate signing
request or you can use other things but
more portly what I intend to use insert
util for on a local device is repaired
certificates course lots of times people
will come in and they will corrupt their
certificate stores or that there will be
invalid krills certificate revocation
lists you can import you can also I'm
trying to create an example that I could
do but everything I did was blowing up
on it so sorry I what I'm going to try
and do is is that with this with the
request line app you can create if you
have a device that does BitLocker or ESS
you create a key based is strength or
that it's the one thing that if you have
a certificate authority that you're
referencing there's a recovery key if
you are using a professional version of
Windows 10 when to seven that is eight
or any of the others is going to in
create a sullen search on your own but
what you can do is you can get a present
service provider of a search and you can
convert it into a cert that is trusted
and you can then use it to export to
create your tf-x private key that's more
fully trusted
the thing also is that it will Cerrito
if you are dealing with a Microsoft
certificate authority you can also use
it to fix of certificate authority or
update the certificate authority start
the certificate authority thought the
certificate authority all the various
different things to do with the
certificate authority from your local
device TBR revolt most people just think
of it for an ad FS that such but what I
like any offense more is when I'm trying
to set that device local I will use it
to show what is is the various different
groups are so it will show things like
and blessing pathology was updated as
well as the mastery levels of the
various different groups as well as what
the organization the user are currently
use more authentic it as if it's it will
also show a very we go up it will show
things like the various different
security groups at the functional
elements of the device as well so it's a
stable own domain member and what the
version is so it provides everything in
a one-stop look as well as the
connection link and as you can see
because of global it's only showing 500
kbps and if it was normally be showing
it to a bank server it be showing like a
10 megabit whatever makin it or what gig
connection
trace report well I use it for primarily
and I've tried to do this also to pull
it up is that with Windows 7 Windows 8
you could use it to pull up in the NT
kernel longer and output it to of the
law of CSV and more importantly what I
use it for is you can compare two
different ETFs and try to find
comparison if you're dealing with two
different examples you're trying to
track down where computer might have
come in you can look at when trace
report to do the same identical thing is
score before and I rush through it so
long and thanks for the fish but one
thing like I said at the very beginning
is look at system 32 I mean if when you
look at it there are you know this is
that handy dandy one that I just brought
is that's right well yes under system
three is system 32 you have talked to
myself you have a tremendous number of
executables that range from the mundane
to the obvious to things that they never
had before in Windows 7 and within like
on this Windows 10 device that you have
also MSI files you have in yards you
could have the ability to do far more
than you realize within your Windows