who wants to hear about some ATM
skimmers all right so I don't think it's
going to be an actual talk it's going to
be Matt telling a story so let's talk
about skimmers my name is Matt by the
way Matt's out I work for trust foundry
it's America's number one penetration
testing security company pretty much
this is a story of me finding an ATM
skimmer in the wild in Bali Indonesia so
I was in Bali on vacation with my wife
Elizabeth and Elizabeth kind of paranoid
there she is
coming up here that's me and Elizabeth
she every time she types in her pin
number at an ATM do to those that were a
little bit she hides her kid number with
her right hand or with her left hand as
she types it and I told her she is Tripp
and I'm like Elizabeth you're crazy
you're paranoid you don't need to worry
about it but little did I know that her
advice would come in handy later down
the road so does everyone here know what
an ATM skimmer is have you guys ever
heard of it okay so a few people if you
haven't heard of what a skimmer is read
Brian Krebs he's an author who he kind
of specializes in ATM skimmers among
other things
but it's essentially a device that sits
in front of your your ATM and tries to
read your card number so that's the
short version there they're after two
things number one they want your card
number
and number two they want your pin number
and with those two pieces of information
their steal money from your ADM so how
did they get your card number
traditionally they affixed a device in
front of the card reader here's a photo
of like a piece of plastic that sits in
front of the card reader and as you
slide your card in skims the number off
the top and so that's where the name
comes from they'll even replace whole
cables of ATMs I recently saw a picture
of a guy who like put a laptop in front
of like a screen and like made like a
fake ATM that kind of sat in front of
the ATM so they're pretty clever about
it they'll even do tiny inserts there's
a picture of a card skimmer that goes
inside of the card reader you need a
special tool to pull it out and lastly
they'll do card numbers over the wire so
they'll put some sort of Wireless like
like wireless access point or something
like that to skim your card number over
the wire for pin numbers they usually
just hide a camera there's a tiny you
can't even see that hole but it's a tiny
pinhole camera that's in a piece of safe
plastic with the camera built-in there's
another one in like a card insert
something like that
sometimes they use PIN pad overlays
where they put a pin pad over the top of
and here's an example of a point-of-sale
machine with it with that entirely
overlay thing okay so let's talk
logistics if you guys pretend for a
second that you're criminals right and
you want to steal people's pins and
their card numbers and what kind of
stuff do you need to make this happen
I'll give you I'll give you the first
one you need power so usually it's a
battery you can't have like you can't
plug this thing into it into a wall
outlet right so you need to power this
thing somehow usually it's a battery
what else do you guys need if you want
to steal card numbers anyone storage
booyah
that's right oftentimes it'll be like an
SD card you'd have to be crazy to use a
hard drive or something like that what
else a reader
yeah a retrieval mechanism so oh that's
something like they'll use bluetooth
sometimes the sophisticated one still
use cellular wireless or even like using
a cable to hook up to it and pull the
data off so how do you protect yourself
well turns out all individuals walk
right you cover your your PIN number so
that cameras can't read you although
that won't really protect against life
like the PIN pad overlay as I showed you
but it's so easy to do just cover your
PIN it's easy right like why would why
wouldn't you secondly Eugene so don't
beat out the crowbar don't like thrive
pieces off of it just kind of wiggle
usually they're attached with like light
adhesive or like they'll clip the clip
on so you just kind of wiggle wiggle
stuff and that leads us to how I found
skimmer in the wild when me and
Elizabeth were in Bali we we've used
this ATM before that's a terrible
picture but there's a bank of ATMs there
on the left and a big tourist grocery
store on the law on the right it's
enclosed so little scared tourists like
us feel safe in this tiny little room
it's got air conditioning which is kind
of a like a luxury and it's off the
street so people can't see you pocketing
cash this is what the ATM look like it
looks like a normal ATM but just a
little jiggle in and that's not supposed
to happen the whole hands canape came
off um within a like I looked at it very
quickly identified that it was a skimmer
because see that little little port on
the bottom and there's a little switch
on the right why doesn't ATM need that
like like the hand canopy is a piece of
plastic that hides your PIN number it
doesn't need that stuff also I couldn't
get a picture but in the in the in the
night if you see like a faint blue light
in there so like this thing was powered
so what do we do with this so we could
leave it alone like because it's not
mine this is a piece of a banks ATM that
came off like I can't just I can't just
claim it so but but then people get
hacked right and then ain't cool like I
don't want people to get their stuff
stolen so that wasn't an option we could
call the cops
but in Indonesia cops are notoriously
corrupt sorry if there's any Indonesian
Xin the Chrome
they'll pull you over and shake you down
and say you broke a law give me a
hundred bucks or I'll take you to jail
that kind of stuff I did not want to get
involved in that so that left us with we
decided to take it home and call the
bank so we talked excitedly we knew we
had a skimmer and we're going to take it
home we're going to we're gonna take it
apart we're like what's the quest
excited bit like what is it is like like
maybe make who put it there is it
organized crime like like like there's a
really card number at the camera like we
don't know what it is like we've got all
these questions we're very excited we
said we feel like we're in a movie like
oh man like like maybe there's monsters
means there's criminals maybe it's
conspiracy but then we got to this part
of the movie oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sorry professor Oh
what if the guys who put it there
want it back and so Elizabeth was asking
me hey Matt does does this have a GPS on
it does it have like a LoJack's or
something like can they find us and I
said babe I don't know like until I get
it home and take it apart I don't know
what's in it and she says well once you
get it home they know where our home is
so like we're at kind of a catch-22 we
decided to compromise I asked the waiter
to bring over some tinfoil and weari
and so that kind of children enough to
where I can sink at home and take it
apart and so I woke up the next day I
was a shot I wasn't dead and I called
the bank and the customer service guy
was very confused he's like what now and
I'm like I didn't want to let him know
I'm a hacker and I know exactly what
this is
but I also wanted him to go investigate
what was going on so I'm like a piece of
plastic came off the ATM and I don't
know what's going on in their life like
what's going on in like eventually
they're like we'll see the technician
I'm like good Justin the technician
check this HTML and I could not wait to
take this thing apart so the first thing
I got to was that port on the bottom
here's kind of a close-up of the pork
what so there's four wires any computer
nerds like if you see four wires what do
you think USB Booya so that's the first
thing I thought I was like USB yeah well
I wasn't I didn't have my lab no
soldering iron no nothing so we have to
go low-tech
MacGyver style I took my cell phone
charger and I cut it off I got four
wires out and then so what order do you
put them in I had to kind of get I found
this image online of black green white
red and I had to thread it like like one
at a time and I had to hold it with my
right hand it was a pain I finally got
wired up but I had like keep I didn't
have solder or tape or anything I had to
like keep it held and I plugged it into
my computer and grew it mounted as a
hard drive I was so excited I almost
peed a little I called Alex Li oh I got
this thing mounted there's video files
on it all as freaking out but I had I
had to do it all left-handed because I
was holding this thing with my right
hand is complicated
so in inside this hard drive when I
mounted there are two folders one that
said Google Drive that I think was an
accident it was empty
and one that said DCIM in the DCIM
folder there were 11 gigabytes of little
30-minute video clips yeah they're like
they're motion activated so it started
recording whenever it's all motion the
date/time stamp was jacked up so I
couldn't get any information off of that
and here's the files so most of the
vials were just this so people using the
ATM it's upside down but I imagine the
criminal could pause it and hold it but
you can't hear me either but there
sounds so whenever you hear a car going
you're like choo-choo-choo
and then you hear the buttons press with
like Bing Bing Bing Bing Bing as they
hit each button and then what a pin
number is legitimate you hear the cash
dispensed so so the audio kind of plays
a role and like you know figuring out
what buttons are pressed and stuff
here's a little clip of the guy
installing it you can't really the video
quality is kind of crappy but all you I
love to see I try to play detective like
oh does he have tattoos you know this is
you like you see his face but I you
can't see anything you see the side of
this guy's left hand and then you see it
he eventually like puts it on the thing
and it goes upside down the most
exciting file was probably being
Elizabeth discovering it so the last
file on the folder with me and it's kind
of like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] oh that came off there's
[Music]
and there's like 30 minutes of us like
you can hear us like it's in her purse
and I'm like oh well organized crowd
this is a quote almost directly
Elizabeth I was like well I think it's a
screamer what's going to do Elizabeth
says ticket Alex would be so excited to
hear we've got a steamer so how is this
thing made okay so this is the picture
of the canopy when I got it home and
this kind of describes the cutaway so so
your hand goes in you type a PIN number
what they've done is they added some
scoping material and they put some
electronics in that little black box and
then up on the top is where the camera
is and whole camera so I had to get out
the chisel that's the skimmer
that's me like kind of breaking it apart
so the outer the outside is that an
injection molded plastic so it's like a
commercial actual thing and then I kind
of broke it apart broke apart although
that yellow stuff is the sculpting
material there's a Samsung battery in
there you can see the like a like a
board in there that's where I dug down
to the camera and there's a picture of
the pinhole camera oh and so what is
this board this is a modified like spy
camera board you can see that that
little switch is the switch you saw on
the bottom so he soldered lines to it
and put a switch on the bottom then
moved the USB port and put a 32 gigabyte
chip on there that's an 808 micro camera
board and when I googled it I found a
bunch of spy camera stuff and so he just
bought like a commercial spy camera
thing took it apart modified it and put
it into a
I'm saying like a hood okay so final
thoughts the overall design choices were
actually pretty pretty decent I thought
it was kind of being lazy using the like
recording the sound but actually it kind
of helps like when they were moving
their hands over the buttons like
hearing which buttons are dinging the
sound was a good choice cell phone
battery I thought I pictured this guy
like just had a battery lying around it
he and he used it but if you're talking
high high power for a long time in a
small profile like cell phone batteries
like the perfect choice and then using a
premade spy camera board had a lot of
advantages it's small its motion
activated it's got a little pinhole
camera already so it's like I'm looking
for 15 bucks I also thought that the
device was handmade not mass-produced
and you have to hook up a USB thing to
get the data off and recharge the
batteries and all that so I suspected
that this guy had a few of them and he
would go swap you know so I visited the
ATM a couple days later and there was
another one there I just I poked in real
quick and took a snapshot and ran away
like a scared little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I was still
scared the motorcycle guy shooting me in
the face down so the bank had my phone
number and stuff they never pulled back
they never investigated this I kept it
around for the entire trip and threw it
away like on the way to the airport
because I didn't want to fly
internationally with this thing so the
the card what about a card number so my
suspicion I juggled really hard on the
card reader and I didn't find any any
skimmer on the card reader I suspected
they were doing the over the wire
skimming and if you look at this picture
you probably can't see you but there's
like there's the power wire for the ATM
and then there's some extra junk over
there
like three wires where I would only
expect to be one so I thought they were
doing some over the wire stuff and then
a few days like a few weeks later I read
a news article about a guy who was
arrested 20 minutes away from where I
found this skimmer
through the Bulgarian man they said he
was using a canapé hidden camera in the
canopy sound familiar
and he was skimming ATM or credit card
numbers over the wire using a wireless
device sound familiar so I'm pretty sure
that's that's what he was doing but
that's it if I missed anything I kind of
tried to blow through that anyone have
any questions hit me how long before you
think you recognize how long the
question was how long before he was
right behind me before I replaced it so
I took it I took it home went to bed
woke up the next day took it apart and
then the day after I replaced it and the
timestamps were messed up on it so I
don't know if it was there for you know
five days or one day but I was
estimating with the cell phone barrier I
think you probably had to swap em about
every three days like give or take so
anyone else did you touch the data bus
to find out and the numbers in were
accurate because she wanted did I test
the data file to see if any of the
numbers were accurate and no I didn't I
didn't steal any money no Indonesian
currency for me how did you find that
article I wrote up a blog post about it
and someone linked it to me on my blog
post so so incentive to me did I guess
the inside for prints no again I was
MacGyver at the moment I didn't have my
fingerprint testing kit and access to
the federal database that I normally