[Music]
Korean currency exchange they got hot to
the tune of 48 I know [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sucks to
be up but apparently they're gonna read
your customer so tomorrow is
[Music]
this one for a bunch of really big
companies Patrick Cornell's doing some
more cool [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so he is
[Music]
this is a cool
[Music]
but good intentions really hoping
Chanticleer implemented poorly it turns
out these students because a university
that's all lined up for recess this is
my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I work for the university
Missouri
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah
[Music]
so
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah this is a contractor
[Music]
[Applause]
alright hello everyone this is the intro
my name is Ryan my pen testers and I use
Kali Linux a lot we're not going to be
covering a lot of the weird crazy stuff
we we do with it all the time it's going
to be introduction introductory if
you're wanting to get started out with
pally Linux trying it out using it for
the first time installing it learning
what it's about that's what this talk is
about so just curious show of hands how
many how many of you have used Kali
Linux before alright great
how many are new to Kali Linux alright
awesome
after today how many of you or anybody
that might be interested in trying it
out later installing it ok for one or
two of you that might be interested I
have some USB drives that I pre-loaded
I've got two of them to hand out per
talk so if you want one come see me
after all so I'm the slides I'm gonna go
pretty quick go through the slides then
after we'll just boot up Kali look at
some stuff so if you want any slides
later you can you can find me by Rin
mezzo on slack Twitter and Google so
message me up later there if you want to
get a hold of me and get some of these
slides but what is Kali Linux it's an
right it's a flavor of Linux it's based
on Debian I'm the big Debian fan those
that have worked with me before know
that and it's used Kali Linux used for
pen testing hacking security stuff it's
made and developed by offensive security
which is a company that does the OS CP a
lot of lot of incoming hackers have been
looking into that certification offset
the company actually maintains Kali
Linux and it came out in 2013
before that there was one called
backtrack and use backtrack many years
ago so it's the successor to backtrack
what's great about it is it's kind of
become an industry standard again it's
kind of based on Debian there's some
links there I'll have links and slides
for you later if you need them again why
why use Kali if you're gonna get into
hacking and penetration testing and
security anything in the security space
Kali has a lot of those tools it comes
preloaded with over 600 penetration
testing tools and other type tools it's
open source it's free you can fete and
look at the source code on git lab
there's common frameworks and tool sets
Sun like Windows development happens
behind closed doors Linux and Kali these
are you know out in the open so you can
you can go out and look at the
development see what's going on and
again as I mentioned it uses the Debian
space on Debbie and so uses the Debian
package system if you're gonna install
stuff on on Kali you'll use the same
commands you would on Debian Linux again
it's mainstream it's the recommended
platform if you're going to take some of
those off SEC exams like the OS CP and
it runs great on VMware virtual box it
can also run great natively on your
your laptop so whether a physical
machine virtual machine it's supported
on most of your platforms and more
recently they came out with the version
that is supported on the Raspberry Pi so
if you have a Raspberry Pi and you want
to do locality linux on it there's a
there's a download for that can you all
hear me okay out there a little bit
louder okay it's okay
okay I was just saying you can install
Kali on a Raspberry Pi now so that's
kind of a pretty cool new download just
some of the popular tools you're gonna
find on Kali Linux that are already
pre-loaded Wireshark verb in map
Metasploit air crack cracking tools
sequel matt der buster these are some of
the ones I use and they're some of the
more popular ones so again one of the
one of the reasons to try Cali out it's
already got all the software you need a
lot of times and believe it or not there
is actually a kind of an introductory
cally certification out there if you
want to try out Kali learn more about it
there's free training here's the link
again if you message me here in mezzo
later on I'll give you these links or if
you just go in google Kali training and
there's a PDF book that you can download
so the materials see in this slides are
from from those online and I believe
that the exam is $99 so you can do that
through Pearson VUE I've not taken it
but maybe having that certification exam
as an incentive to learn more about it
might be the way to go
it really starts off with installing
Linux just like you would Windows or
anything else you have to acquire the
installation media
which is typically a file you download
an iso file
you take that file that you download and
you either put it on a USB drive or a CD
drive so what I've done is I've created
a couple of these USB drives that have
Kali already loaded and the advantage to
installing a Kali yourself versus using
a pre-installed you can customize it
it offers full disk encryption so
everything is encrypted on your hard
disk if you want that option it also
offers with USB sticks there's a live
boot so you could stick this USB into
your computer boot up use it connect up
do some good stuff on the internet
remove it you're done
no no trace left behind there's also a
live boot with persistence so if you
want to put a little bit of storage on
here and save your files you can do a
live boot with persistence well we'll
talk more about that Kali works great
with virtual machines so you've heard of
VMware virtual box again and there's a
link there on the training that I
mentioned but there's a lot of
information about installing Kali online
what you have to decide on is do you
want to install it on your physical
machine or do you want to put it on a
virtual machine what I recommend is just
try to boot off a USB Drive if you can
and see how it runs on your machine or
install it on a virtual machine you may
not want to install and partition off
your disk and wipe everything just to
try it out so again later on let me know
but the advantage if you try out Kali
and you like it and you want to use it
more you may want to install it on your
laptop or your desktop because you can
take advantage of that GPU that graphics
processor for cracking passwords and
stuff like that
with the virtual machine you may not
have access to that that horsepower that
your your system may have we talked
about more that later it takes a little
while to build a full install another
option is Virtual Machine load
VirtualBox which we're going to look at
here in a minute and again he can you
can take snapshots and make a copy of
your your Kali installing all that so
you're you're going to be looking at
physical install or virtual machine
those are the two big things we're live
booth and again a live booth mentioned
what that does and those are your
options you go download what you want
then you got to roll your sleeves up and
start installing it so and when you go
to download it these are the options
they're going to present you with 64-bit
32-bit light mate arm all this stuff
you've got different X Windows flavors
xfce is the new X Windows desktop so
what I would recommend if you're not
sure go with the 64-bit and the default
which uses xfce but for those that have
used linux and maybe you like No maybe
you like KDE there's different desktop
managers different looks and feels you
may want to try out some of these other
ones KDE gnome etc when you go out to
the Cowie download link those are the
options you're gonna have next comes
preparing your installation media if
you're making a USB Drive you're gonna
want to use you've got a Windows machine
and you're gonna want to create a USB
Drive you might want to try out one of
these three tools at your Rufus Loonette
Budhan if you're on a Linux or Mac
machine like me you can just use a
command line tool called DD there's a
really good guide on installing stuff
later there's not enough time to install
it today but I'll have all the
information for you later on if you want
to install it
when you stick this guy on your laptop
and hopefully it boots up this is the
menu you're gonna get you can go with
the live option it boots right up or you
can choose to install it over your hard
disk again I don't recommend installing
it over your hard disk it might it might
erase your files and tell you're sure
you're ready go with the live boot try
it out get into somewhere that so again
like I said if you're interested in
doing the full install you're gonna want
to try out got online training today
what I did was I one other option exists
if you want to try Kali offensive
security actually puts out pre-made
images so again if you're gonna take the
OS CP you might want to go out and
download this OVA file from offset it's
a premade Kali image you don't have to
install it you just have to import it
into virtual box or into VMware and so
I'm going to show you some screenshots
if when I did that earlier it took me
about 15 minutes so we didn't have
enough time but first thing I did was
obviously I installed VirtualBox as I
mentioned right there bullet point one
install VirtualBox and here VirtualBox
is installed we're gonna do import
appliance right there on that menu
second option down we're gonna go out
and select that OVA file that we
downloaded it's about a three three Sun
gig file it take 15 minutes to download
as we import that it's going to ask all
a few minutes later five minutes later
it should be imported now you've got a
VM and VirtualBox we're gonna select
that boot it up there was a couple of
errors that I got I had to fix those so
one thing if if you're not big at
tinkering and in fixing little errors
sometimes Linux might not be the thing
for you so keep that in mind if you have
any issues installing it booting it up
I'm glad to help message me I had to fix
the graphics thing and the USB
controller after that this is what you
get when you boot up again this is the
OVA I downloaded from off sec I didn't
install it here I just imported it once
it's up and running you want to install
VirtualBox tools if you're using
VirtualBox notice it's not fullscreen
it's a small window with these commands
you can install VirtualBox guest guest
additions and that's the commands I ran
there and again I'll give you that
information later then when you reboot
its full screen it looks great
everything runs a lot better so that's
all we're gonna get into in far as
installing it today once you get Cali up
and running you may want to be familiar
with some of the commands to configure
it things like that so I tried to come
up with a list of bullet points that
things that are important to me when I'm
using it that came to mind so first of
all you almost always are gonna use
route when you're on a cow a virtual
machine typically you own that virtual
machine you own that server so you can
use route but if you need to add
additional users you can do that with
some of these commands add user these
are typical Linux commands that you
would run anytime so again we can get
those to you later
you're gonna have your typical Linux
Network commands if config if config
adapter down up if you need to re reset
your IP address
DHS client and if you need to edit your
configs and such those are some of the
commands you're gonna run one of the
things you can't do is SSH into your
Kali machine by default with Roo
you need to edit your SSH config file so
once you get this Kali virtual machine
booted up maybe you want to shell into
it from your Windows machine well in
order to do that you need to edit this
file and restart a service I got a slide
another thing I'll show you when we
booted up it's got transparent windows
that bother me I like to disable that
workspaces you got virtual desktops
click between different desktops we're
gonna look at some of these word lists
we're gonna look at how you could
install patchy a web service update your
packages and then we're gonna we're
gonna open up some of these applications
real quick at the end of the slide I've
got credits here links to all the
applications so she wanted to make sure
you to give everybody credit there with
so this is the this is the one I
imported that OVA file I'm gonna boot it
up
and you can see here like it's not even
fullscreen so something's acting kind of
weird
so as I mentioned when you get booted up
Linux has a thing called virtual
desktops and so if you open something on
this desktop there's a button up here
you can toggle between two virtual
desktops
maybe maybe over in this window you want
to open a command but in this window you
want to have your notepad open windows
all the other OS is have something
similar but with this new version that
has something called xfce the latest
desktop environment you can click up
here I'll just call it the main menu or
Start button just type in what you want
to load up I'm gonna put in burp here
and open burp it's a popular web web
testing a proxy tool and it's already
pre-installed I didn't install these
after
so now that burps open we can load up
Firefox and you're going to want to set
your your proxy which is already set so
we're going to go out here and look at
the set KC website we're gonna run it
so already I'm looking I'm analyzing
network packets let me let me log over
and look at a history here and you can
see here their responses and the network
traffic back and forth to the set KC
website you may have heard of n map in
maybe I want to port scan the router
here and see what ports are open we're
doing that now so the cool thing again
about Kali 2 more minutes
all these tools are pre-loaded let me
show you how to disable that
transparency in the window if you go to
file preferences right here it's at 5%
I'm gonna drop that down to 0 boom now
this is black instead of transfer and I
like that a lot better on a big screen a
tool I use all the time it's called dare
buster again it's it's pre loaded so I
can I can fire up der bus or again
there's over 600 tools out there so and
maybe I want to go out and I'm not
saying we want to pin test the set KC
we hit start it's gonna start ripping
through that website looking for hidden
directories and stuff like that that may
or may not be legal so look into that
don't just start scanning stuff but
bottom line is if you want to get into
penetration testing if you want to get
into hockey and Cally's where you should
start and yeah I guess with that we're
running out of time so are there any
questions
and that is a good point if you're one
to do wireless testing you may actually
want to install it on your machine and
not use a virtual machine because if you
click up here in the corner on my
network adapter I just locked it sorry I
don't have a wireless adapter on this
virtual machine I do have one on my my
Debian laptop I don't have one on on
Kali so if I boot it up from this I'd be
able to go up and manage my wireless
just like you would in Windows or
something else and it's would be
something similar to this you get a
drop-down you connect to a wireless but
well so what you can do with VirtualBox
is you can plug USB devices in and you
can do what's called a USB pass-through
so you can pass that through to the
virtual machine it does work I have used
multiple wireless adapters with the
virtual machine before so but it just
takes a lot of tinkering in and testing
it but yeah if if you looked at the
network's adapters on here
it just shows I have an f0 which is a
wired connection well it's not wired
it's because it's going through my main
computer
so yeah million things we could talk
about Callie for four hours let me jump
back onto the slide here and and my
contact info please write that down
message me I stay connected on set KC
slack and Twitter if you ever want to do
any Cali hack the box if you're looking
have attempted to use it and it's too
confusing
typically but about my coworkers are
like why aren't you using VI superior
ever you can do things
very little very low osci have you
I can move around it I prefer using cat
and file pipes
yes you're just gonna watch yeah you
you have stupid terminals that are semi
there are two basic things about the
I guess you answered by
you know your an insert then escape you
get out of it
you go behind your back there are a
our answer
I don't like them I just yeah there's
you accidentally you get used does it
undo everything you've done in insert
[Music]
escape ailment under
also really
just
let's say you've really screwed up and
you hadn't noticed until just now how
badly you screwed up you can undo this
through a different way
while you pin sick you and it'll say we
just like you haven't written a so
I don't like what I've done but I made a
we'll be in it
[Music]
drink file bath without
while you make changes
just just let me start over
so everything you've done since you go
through the fire or since you've written
thrown away everything you've done since
[Music]
so there are movement commands and you
know and movement commands are awfully
important if you've ever played rogue
makes me laugh pelvis right yes that's
counterintuitive
Oh
new third
[Music]
you can find you perfectly undertake Gd
and I guess
you can delete the line you're on and
the next line down because J would take
you to the next line down I said
DJ keep the saying I don't like these
[Music]
and one of the other things you can do
/ms a-flat
/
the center you can enter regular
if you want to get back to where you
what was that single quote single okay
it takes you straight back everywhere
whoa
is how you make this reference martyrs
both much happens to be the place where
less search so we can make a mark with
st. Martin a
and we could go to the bottom the pile
with capital cheese and then we can say
okay it takes us back to market hey how
did you create a market gun and okay m4
mark and then a letter all right hey so
now I put our K here so he goes along a
file when you say quote angry go back
yeah
if I don't like this
I can I can use market find region I'd
say mark a I could say mark camp
[Music]
because it's just a man it's faster to
okay I would say work easier on the
files they poke the I get back right
[Music]
and then delete from where it was a new
marketing
okay there's a there
or you know
other movement
visible window support
capital H takes you from the top of the
basement window
[Music]
talent is the bottom line
[Music]
remember that father - the actual online
and that's where community so we can
give we can use smarts in the implants
with the same footing be from market to
market me we could do something we could
sense to began the beginning a line
karat the regular expression like
everybody know that your expressions yes
awesome
[Music]
and this is something you will do a lot
once you know how to do it you know put
put three pound signs in space beginning
of every line and that
marriage
[Music]
just to comment buncha crap
[Music]
we all do let's hear this no no that
doesn't work I'm in and out because I
might use it later so you can all see
sake from put the Marcaida martini
[Music]
here we go when you do that does it
delete including love including mark a
mark a is not set and Mark V is no
longer set but if we undo he is there
I don't think originally I saw personai
together
you take the I it only worked on some
turtles
[Music]
di does not work on the you could try
and never go in line at it so we have
function we have other motions like
Capitol Cheney Texas at the end of the
aisle Popo taking this faster there we
: one for a lot of the times when you
are working with somebody else maybe
they're not in the same room
it's handy to be able to number the line
Sen you can edit but they're there on
the screen so the person working miss
can say look on line 27 let's change
this and of course every command you can
[Music]
you can say I don't know what C stands
for good if you hit enter it puts that
line in the top at the top to visit
window just scroll sit there for you
[Music]
is justice to be returned adjust her
line
[Music]
see
take that line puts at the bottom screen
return when you're not answer
that's another way to go you know a
motivational famous
usually makes it work free market line
so if I don't want anything else to the
end of that line all those delicious
command line arguments we hit capital D
and that suits it away one one
you can delete one character time with X
[Music]
you can put it wherever you find one
shade
if you're really good you know that the
last thing they did was right let's see
one
[Music]
and y'all read that yes
eat something they did it's good if you
wanted to look for any asterisk and to
meet everything after NASA so you search
from where the cursor is to the end of
line you got in the next line like that
and
it lets you just just repeat the answer
we don't like the so we could say two
apps
yep which if you if you can play in your
edit that's something you can sit there
and you
make magic happen when you could using
region
[Music]
you could do a substitution condom on
your own place doing the same thing for
every asterisk followed by anything
if you hit on view and decide to go into
I've been using the AI a long time and I
you can't invite anybody do anything new
on vis you always want something this
yeah
[Music]
configuration file here's here's that VI
thank you and attacks today
one of the useful wetlands yes close
curly bracket which takes it to the end
and yes you can start a pipe command
you could say bang participate and the
movement
and a paragraph which is conservative to
beat doctor line most of my experience
that's to nine lines below which is the
end of paragraph
[Music]
if you can righty
me me that in Lemont so bang bang which
is like in a current line fmt for
matsing
that's
[Music]
like Richard it's doing something
earlier this week so I can tell you that
to
directory so much Arabic where you can
[Music]
so I took all of those because last
night so it was in there it's been three
years so I want to delete it side of
music
the service deployed as a year as part
of one of the director games yeah that's
okay but we decided that no air for the
current year and really handing people
access to walk outs they only want to be
looking at the market so I went believe
22 inator
and then I had a bunch of in Natal
honest because all suddenly a lot of the
directors became the same so I went
punch about through sort and it's huge
it's hard - you delete stupid headlines
show me show me only
and it also happy to sort the funds in
alphabetic order because I went and sent
never
[Music]
so that's just never done Andy Andy Andy
things you can do with the eye with
start your short program
not a different computer windows so you
have to tell
I get me sorted output so I can talk
back
right y'all know that the capital G
takes at the end so you could say D
one of my other favorite the man you
know little being takes you back around
you can also say see definitely change
suddenly we ran in so there would be
more than onward
we're all doing
[Music]
so you could say Apple
dammit
good with Unicode what language is this
Andy that's a project that's some genius
you probably don't every started in the
eighties Dallas is a responsive mega
truth you'll page how much you think hey
to know what you think
[Music]
faceball
[Music]
interfacing to my ex-wife the basement
nothing a down our throats maybe a good
old western electric telephone from
Earth every dial into intercept you can
put it on voice over IP number so when
you're programming things you like to
know
you're coming in typing like Aaron Aaron
the other one of the other ways to type
go which opens a black line pull over
that's not just here it'll just sent you
what if the standard was before we can
use
three Jets attacked
and you can set a mark here and then
[Music]
movement command that the girl is you
since we make mark a full day everything
over my shift
[Music]
the four or five minds
[Music]
beyond your vision you can set hearts
and
protests
set your initial market Club and we go
if your do it from the hospital it'll do
when you're when you're in town
you really want to get in there don't
me
[Music]
Parkins from the days before he even
detected
it
yeah we're talking you're talking about
try using that over $300
that's going to go back to the line
[Music]
you might want to get short your
functions page where the coding
standards
and
[Music]
why is this file assume it's on an ascii
okay
it's okay none of this
for this particular program
[Music]
really nothing big
[Music]
yeah
you can do it
[Music]
how do you save a file as a different
file
mm
[Music]
my name is still there
so if you make a change and then right
go right to the original and not the new
one
[Music]
winning
that's important to know that's one way
to quit
you know there's if you know what you've
been doing and you know you've got a
good at it you can have the capital C
capital C and if you have crazy changes
in it but if you're in eight years
configuration lines defining directives
are all gone because the runner down he
very very long time
when I administer hundreds hundreds
so that's what are reachable unless I
know
show my prowess
during the DD
[Music]
I got that car buddy sippy
all
and
okay deserves gonna be talking about a
tractor needs me I need energy busy we
[Music]
we use this stage so I'm trying to get
kinda cheap on voices so that
everybody's not presenting on top of
each other that's the paper equals not
yeah mutant
need some are nil sweet John read a
little bit and see how this works thanks
me
are you going to be sides up and gonna
taking my crack that's that a capture
the flag man
tract
[Music]
yeah
I am RSI exbc and this is a talk SSH
fingerprinting theory of mining rigs for
those of you were just a theory
SSH fingerprinting stuff in general that
is poorly configured so if you're not
aware aetherium is a cryptocurrency a
theory of mining rigs make that crypto
currencies are very high-value targets
and there's a bunch of all okay internet
this targets in the showing things one
way to find them because of a miss
configuration in there SSH ghosties so a
little bit of background one of my
buddies wanted to start a theory of
mining which as an aside like it's
totally fun it's not profitable don't do
it but if you're just you know wanting
to do it as a hobby it's it's kind of
cool except that his mining rigs who
kept getting intruded like every couple
of days so it changed operating systems
and then they got rude again he's like
Richard what's going on here and we
found an old firewall rule that was
letting SSH in and that was okay that's
that's the main problem for the second
problem is if we took a look at the SSH
logs and like there's tons of people
that just scan SSH servers and brute
force usernames and passwords but the
one that got in connected entered the
right password and then changed the
mining address to make that money
instead of us
and then we changed operating systems
and it happened again with the dinner
so help how is this attacker walking up
to a new 422 looking at the initial
connection and guessing the right
username and password most of the time
[Music]
okay so why do we need Huskies when you
log into an SSH server if you don't know
that SSH server is the one you want to
talk to you are handing them your
username and password so the host key is
an asymmetric encryption key pair then
identifies the server to the client so
the client says I want to save to my web
server hey I haven't seen this before
are you sure this is the right one
yes I I say yes because I recognize this
host that's basically what it does if
you're an organization you can use PKI
for this and I highly recommend that you
do but in this case all these mining
rigs all these you know random my
personal random web server on PKI so I
just beg built the key one time put it
on the server and verify it's the same
this is what the key on my laptop looks
like it's a public key only that I am
showing you what's interesting about
this problem is that you can do it with
only the public key you don't need the
so traditionally the reason you don't
want to share keys is that a bad guy
could take your key and
man-in-the-middle you if they have
access to your IP traffic they could say
hi I'm the web server please log in to
me Alan decrypt your traffic read the
username and password and hand it off to
the web server or to the actual web
server and have your username and
password or take over your shell
connection so that's why you don't want
to share it SSH keys there's a whole
bunch of documentation about why this is
a bad idea but we're going to talk about
today is it multiple if a single key is
shared across multiple SSH servers an
attacker can use that to identify those
servers and the fact that they have
something in common
some shared Genesis somehow they also
haven't share the same public key which
implies they have the same private key
which implies they might be the same
operating system
they might be personal machine who knows
what so why would anyone do this usually
it's because of a minor issue they
accidentally check the hosts keys into
version control and they thought that's
fine because they're private and they're
small some company another common one is
you clone a virtual machine and maybe
you wanted to share the SSH nosfy maybe
you want all of your VMs to act the
exact same way
that's a bad idea because if one of them
is compromised they're all compromised
but people do it
if you had a load balancer for SSH which
is kind of a scared thing it's basically
required or I haven't I haven't found a
good configuration that lets you get
around it lots of embedded devices
lots of embedded devices have the host
keys baked into the firmware but what
you should do if you're an embedded
device factory is when you build the
device the first thing you should do is
to be in some entropy and generate and
unique keys in the factory where you can
trust it and then ship it to the
customer but a lot of times what happens
is you have like an SD card that's like
the golden image and that gets flashed
onto everything and that contains the
host keys
[Music]
so let's take a look at a couple
operating systems these are three ones
that did it right
if there's a file called first move
delete the keys make new keys restart
SSH that works you don't have to ship
keys in your disk image to start with it
but you know we're rotating them is fine
also I'm not sure which OS these came
from but they basically all kind of work
the same way or they don't ship keys
so let's go how do we if we have a
theory mining image like one of the many
that are they how do we get the keys out
okay so this is a test image of some
random operating system I don't remember
which oh this one's only 4.4 gig I would
have distributed these but I didn't have
a way to distribute a whole bunch of 4
to 15 gigabyte files so much people I
didn't know who are they coming here so
that's why I'm going to show you how to
do this yourselves one approach is to
actually just mount this on a virtual
machine and go another approach is test
disk
test dishes are super useful tool for
like undal eating and stuff so we're
gonna take a look at this disk you have
to select the partition table type which
is usually Intel but sometimes efi its
more common efi these days
this one is Intel it up at all the text
you go down to advanced you pick your
operating system in this case you want
to pick the largest one the smallest one
is probably where they keep some config
files like where your aetherium address
is and and how you get on the internet
but you want to go to the big one we
want to pick list or if it's an awesome
addition you want to pick undelete
[Music]
and now we can basically perhaps through
the disk image and grab the keys real
fast so we go to Etsy as to say we want
two things we want the host the sshd
config see if copying and we copy it out
let's see again and then we have all
these keys we've grabbed the private
keys we grab the shadow file it doesn't
really matter the people password for
these is usually known we want the
public key and we want the specifically
there are four public keys here we want
the one that showed an is going to index
for us which happens to be basically in
the priority order et ECDSA RSA adsf so
when shown and connects it only grabs I
think it only grabs one key and in this
case we're gonna grab this one so we hit
the only thing we want to check in the
config is to make sure the system is
pointed toward the key in this case it's
actually commented out this operating
system didn't write into the ship of
didn't ship they shipped keys and then
they said don't use these makes a month
that's that's fine have this been
enabled this would have been bigger this
would have been the key to use so once
you have the key you have two options
you can scan the entire 422 ipv4 address
looking for SSH there are tools to do
this or you can just use show down so
I'm going to show you some results from
show down for different operating
systems than I've worked on ok so we did
that oh yeah and if you only have
network access there's this tool called
SSH key scam and it just listed the
piece for you so here is my local host
your SS HRSA here's my ECDSA here's my
two five five one nine those are the
so basically we would start showdown or
CNS Sh ourselves at this point and I'm
going to show you some screenshots that
have had the important bits redacted so
this was the first operating system of
that day and I just found one hit and I
was first I was just like oh this is
terrible there's I did all this work and
there's only one computer let's go come
on
but really this was that Lake and then I
thought about it I was like no this
proves that they're there messed up this
proves that the SS ain't the same post
key that I have matches some other
random one on the Internet
these guys also have fixed it they had
one of the smallest exposures on the
internet and they were the fastest to
respond these guys also fixed it they
had another one computer and they were
like boom that's the thing we should
care about these guys hadn't fixed it
again one computer like and then it
started to get interesting so here there
were 40 of these machines that are just
I'm using to show this how do you get
that back this is show Dan and we'll
we'll get to that in a second I'll bring
up to an end if we have time for some
more live demo stuff so then there was a
Nolan that 76 mostly in Eastern Europe
and then most recently there was one
more that was just one random machine in
China which is weird because I thought
trying to advance into currency mining
but you can identify random
cryptocurrency mining rigs in China this
is a Chinese made OS I believe so I
filed for seven Seavey's of the ten OS
as I tried they all had the same they
had separate keys so I don't think they
were at all related but they had all
managed to misconfigure the same way and
found 178 mining routes online this is
just a sample size of randomly when I
I'm currently working through with the
vendors on making ship on and asking
them to fix this I've given them some
time it should be as easy as deleting a
file okay how much time we have left
what they did they gave me seven so we
have plenty of time right sure okay so
so far what we've done is we take in an
existing software and we hold the keys
out of it and looked on the internet to
see does this have any friends are there
any more clothes of this VM or a random
thing well we can also use shown an kind
of in Reverse and we can say show damn
what if we just give me all the keys
give me all the keys that you have and I
will sort it out myself
and if you were to write that Python
program it would look like this and it
would run very very slowly but that's
okay because as long as we sample a
large enough population which in the
case of the four billion ipv4 addresses
we don't need a whole lot as soon as we
find like two ssh host keys that are the
same on different IP addresses we have
something suspicious so if you were to
run this tool program it would it would
look like this and it mark out loads of
keys
okay
so with a little with little bash
scripting you can take this this list of
key value pairs that goes the key in
this case the IP address the value as
a little bit about scripting we can turn
this into a sorted list by most common
key and so now we have
there are nine only my p9 distinct IP
addresses with this scheme
there are 71 with that this doesn't tell
you anything other than those IPS are
probably closely related in some way
they could all be routed in the same
but
if we were to take that same finger the
and go full up showdown you can search
show it in for some of the SSH keys
other ones cannot search because either
the string is too long or it has a bunch
of random symbols in it that calls the
Soudan to fail the query parser I
actually talked to the founder of Japan
about it he's like oh just use the
fingerprint and that'll totally work the
fingerprint is basically an md5 hash in
the public key
I don't know what this is but there are
twelve thousand I don't know what this
is
[Music]
so in this way if you want to file some
CDs you can use this and find out like
basically if you can find the machine
you a whole bunch of machines figure out
what it is or do the contact it's a very
easy way to get a CV filed in your name
or according to the vendor give them
plenty of time to fix it something in
China whole bunch of stuff all this does
is identify things this doesn't get you
access to any machine it's just a way
it's just it's basically a small
information leak and so are there any
questions a CBE is a common enumeration
a common vulnerability enumeration so
every year they start off the counter at
0 and people find security bugs and if
you find a bug and you contact the
vendor and according to them and then
you contact the contact mitre or one of
the Parker's soon CNAs which is CBE
numbering authority they will issue you
a little thing that says hey on this
date so it's so discovered that this
thing was misconfigured I'll just show
your CDs also you might see these I want
to see if there's actually a Carrera
yeah so it's like random internet points
it's not worth good money I say
you can if you want I don't want to get
security - that they know so this before
the date that was fixed does not have a
unique SHP for each instance of the
product short description I don't know
how this is a 9-point but but yeah these
are this makes it really easy to look
for things more than this in this case I
was looking at okay
so earlier I told you a story about how
does this machine keep getting uh how do
they I suspect I suspect that what they
did is they have it they have an SSH
client when it logs in the clients
exposes like through an API here's the
public key I'm talking to and then they
just have a list of like is it this
public key use this username and
password go that's how I would have done
it but they changed the password right
did you say did you say your friend
changed the password in stone i back my
friend reinstall the different OS which
changes the password and it also changed
the key and so when they came the next
time the key had changed and i think i
just looked it up and said ah here's the
new one let's go
let the default
yeah he thought it was behind the
firewall and he had like an old IP
before a tall firewall rule that was
letting it in and DHCP it like never put
fire Mormons to tha VIPs that's a that's
another problem if they arrived forgets
have a question you have a second I do
so the I thought one of your earlier of
slides had SSH be to post keys are bad
and I really miss remember that no no
those keys are great okay sharing post
keys are bad I think I could remember
the details that slide on it sharing um
a default right yes okay so why don't
like I guess let's let's go back to to
the slide the different operators
there's one thing I wanted to say like
okay if you have an operating system if
you want to stand up an operating system
you usually have an install CD or a USB
drive or a network image that's just the
Installer as part of this the Installer
will set up SSH for you and build the
keys that's how it almost always works
what's unique about virtual machines and
etherium mining mining rig images is the
the way that you distributed is a disk
image it's already baked it's already
been booted somewhere same thing you'll
find this on like a bunch of raspberry
PI's where people distribute raspberry
pi SD card images they'll have as to say
toasty to their share but they usually
aren't on the public Internet I don't
know why any of these things were on the
public Internet
more questions what's up so the way
start scanning is based in the first
whistles units when up your own VMs to
see like what most queue is giving you
they just look into that same host key
across the internet yep damn in this
case I showed testa's but yeah if you
buna vm and then run an SSH key scan
against it it'll dump the keys that way
some test is does not yet support better
infest so if you have a VM if you have a
disk image that uses that you have to
halt the petition out which test this
allows so test this will set up TV for
T's just to extract one partition and
then you can just mount that analytics
and go in and take the files out just
show name is a website that showed an is
a website that scans the internet for
just random crap and so it'll scan like
HTTP banners SSH host keys apparently
and so you could if you find a signature
that like let's see I've got port 22 for
80 and port 443 this is a bad query it's
gonna return a ton of stuff you can say
showed in what what on the Internet has
those three ports open oh that's good I
was afraid I was gonna be like
all right any more questions well thanks
I'm sorry guys okay so my name should be
recording in the mouth of it obviously
physics of a point I'm gonna delve into
that I'm not really doing that tonight
but I I do have at the end I have a
sources page and if you are interested
in something
my thesis is there and in my thesis if
you don't want to read that there's a
whole bunch of sources where I got my
information
okay by the way I currently am a data
analyst and I work for a contractor for
ask me later all right you know what
Tripathi
all right let me get my note part out
[Music]
references
it is a digital asset designed to work
as a medium of exchange that uses
stoping cryptography choose for your
financial transactions control creation
of additional units and verify the
be quite
is a cryptocurrency it's one of the most
well-known image not the most fun you
can actually have a paper you don't have
that big wait anymore
and you can and they just use the QR
code to buy and sell stuff okay I think
there's a option of Bitcoin that's
pumped a big cash Bitcoin cash something
like that that's something
so that's odd I don't understand why why
not just use cash
all right so with the cryptocurrency
they change the privacy model in a
normal transaction when you're doing
with your bank when you're dealing with
sales anything the privacy wall is
between the American public the public
is out there your transaction or
Medicare
actually
[Music]
with Bitcoin with a cryptocurrency the
privacy wall is just between you and
everything else so the transactions are
out there everybody knows exactly what
the connection was how much money
changed hands they just don't know who
did it they know that they may not know
what it's freezer
but that's private in big point is you
everybody who's above the computers
knows there's ways to track down who
that person is but it's not part of
Bitcoin things between base keeps it
private you have to do other things to
figure out who is involved in the
transaction you have to do other things
to do that so that's the new privacy
model with crypto currencies listen
other basic transactions one of the big
things you have to remember I'm going to
go over one of the big things we have to
remember in a Bitcoin transaction I
think it applies to other
cryptocurrencies I know it applies to
the point is if I buy something from you
of course yours there's a point zero
zero one Bitcoin because I'm not going
to spend a whole day when I'm buying
wait zero zero one big point
and I transfer that may point to you so
my input is how much big point I have
let's say I have one but my input is one
big my output from the transaction is
the point zero zero zero zero one to you
but my output also has to be the change
back to me
if I don't have it out though
specifically designating that change
back to me it goes to the minor it goes
to the guy who lines the lock okay nice
tip 0.9999 big boy that's that's a
pretty nice tip like so if you do your
own bottles you can set up your own
wallet on your computer the code is out
there in the public you can do that if
you set up your own wallet you have to
remember to assign the change back to
yourself where you're just giving it
away
all right most Bitcoin wallets out there
the old I could think of is a coin based
with their other ones out
they automatically do that but I would
highly recommend you check that before
you take it because it doesn't
automatically happen unless nobody
intervenes so this is basically just
showing
with the transaction Alice
coming from somewhere too long in Dallas
Alice's all transferring on out somebody
else okay
basics just basic standing out
transactions that they feel that you had
remembers to change how the victory
watch me work so or four to ten minutes
a bunch of the transactions are
happening at the end of two minutes a
miner collects up all of those
transactions and put that twist them
into a locker okay once they're in the
blocks they have to solve they have to
provide people the ones they have to
solve a highly complicated mathematical
traffic puzzle in order to provide
there's workings work I can tell you
what that puzzle is and how to solve it
but I most people are not interested in
it but they have to provide proof that
they have solved this puzzle okay once
they solve the puzzle was one minor or
five solve puzzle they broadcast what
customs the rest of the Bitcoin network
and everybody else verifies and then
they starts so every 10 minutes you do a
block
one-step blockers verify this the
freaking work is verified we start doing
so this is the basics of the block okay
there are actually six things included
in a lock for who listed here and in
getting every block the hash of the
previous block is infinite okay the
timestamp of when that block was created
the nonce which
and the transaction or the merkel pretty
that's all of the transactions hash
together - what - all right there's also
the version wine based version that's
being used and the difficulties the
level of difficulty of the purport is
included in that block is why alright so
those six things are hashed together to
create once you cook right and verify it
even going to block four o'clock
50,000 something
[Music]
when you create blocks as you might
imagine when you've got thousands are
working on the same project exactly the
same time sometimes two people are going
to come up with the same answer or a
similar answer at about the same point
right that is when a sophomore one
instance of a softball is created in the
box so let's say a guy in the US the guy
in China or a note and note in the you
hasn't a note in China both come up with
their foods would work but at the same
time they broadcasted notes closest to
them on the internet so that could be
anywhere
get received a report first and they
verify on both of their pitchforks and
then once they verify there's two
different blocks they start working on
the next one okay
so they've verified two separate blocks
at the same time they're working on
separate next blocks the swarm which
ever one of those second blocks is
verified first which work is shown and
it's verified that's the pork that takes
over
[Music]
just the one thing just the one so are
fourth gear miss my friend
o clock the block block Locker yeah luck
okay
no the blocks estates Public Works and
walk okay and all of the transactions
from that works and block are
essentially already contained in this
particulars of the block if there happen
to be transactions that are not
committed
they know and they include the middle
labor
yes and this one is an orphan block and
it doesn't it was there but it's nothing
okay
that's usually what happens when
stopping work happens so again there's
another way there's a valid block but it
and there's something called the heart
form this actually happened early in
the big point base code that can't do
that artworks can't happen deliberately
not deliberately they can't happen
accidentally
okay so hard for cabinets and this
perhaps would stop work to write hearts
work is when notes on this webpage at
least for bigger things all right and
these notes are using the old code of
these nodes
and they both continue making flocks on
their separate coats
now
last very long okay but initially happen
there was one long hard work they had to
there can't be that one
even when they're stepping unless you do
it deliberately
[Music]
there are a lot of crypto currencies
that are based on big ones they are
okay so
they just decided some coaches out there
between to become a big big point base
coach decided I don't like that update I
think we should keep the old way or I
don't like that update I know how to
code this better so when there was an
update they took that opportunity to
okay so you've got all of these things
in careful yeah they are a big chunk of
it is a separate currency of that
apparently there are some that are still
[Music]
the coin diamond and Bitcoin gold
at this point
I'm praying the different names here
there's big league gold between Diana
and dozens yet there's dozens of others
so the big point cash is not well it
it doesn't tell me when it happened
okay but if you look into a brown one
so that is not part of big points
technically it's a hard fork
so it's based on the points
I have identity reach out to me exactly
what that means yet it's a hard work so
alright so Bitcoin blockchain runs on a
decentralized like ok so there's all
these notes all around the world for
Bitcoin trying to get out way it's
really hard there's all these nodes all
around the world of miners of Bitcoin
all over the world
okay every single one of those nodes
contains all our heart of the entire
lecture the entire history of the big
point so if I have a cache of a Bitcoin
because every Bitcoin has an own ID and
every part of thing
it's that point Sears is in there one I
gave you so if I want to find out the
history of that fraction of a Bitcoin I
can trace it back to you creation
because every single node has all or
most of the left if by some chance it
doesn't have the entire up
if it does if I query this node and it
doesn't know it just calls that note
says
till Achatz penis
but it's decentralized so it's hard to
tamper with you can't you can tamper
with this note but what about that one
that one that blockchain versus
distributed ledger technology this is a
lot of words it's a lot of readings if
you want to read this please do I found
it interesting I'm not going to read it
to you it is at 101 blockchains dot-com
okay it has some interesting information
in there I did read it the other night
it is interesting that's why I included
it here but there is a difference so
blockchain is a type of ledger it's not
the only type lakhtin victual weak point
because of the distributed distributed
computer Fire Department is vulnerable
to
kind of attack that most other systems
are not vulnerable to and that's about
the 51
so if a particular node controls 51% of
computing power for mining bitcoins they
in 2014 if you look
gosh I
controlled 50% of computing power for
Bitcoin Bitcoin by the way has never
been the victim of a 51% attack they
could have been gosh I don't have the
capability but 50% what they did was
they issued a statement and said we are
backing off to 40% control and he will
they
but in 2014
they could have had everybody who had
big metal balls
they have the ability and that's the
only way to find Bigpoint anymore it's
you've got to be a better operation yeah
you can't just in the beginning you can
just set up your computer and mind there
boy
so what does everyone who's attacked
what's the vulnerability why is it big
deal
I have 51%
control finding this particular
what I can do is create a fork that's
pregnant nobody else knows about it
and on the public side of the court I
can buy a luxury car with one Bitcoin
and yes when I read that in an article
the other day I literally said to the
are one big point luxury cars in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
up
but okay to Bitcoin three okay so three
at Lake Street okay could be a useful
you by you
so anyway so bye-bye electrics are okay
on the public court Wow I buy that I
swim that big point on the public work
I am technical transactions except mine
and hashing them instachat in the box
okay
and then with my private change gets
longer than publicly it when it gets
longer than public one
I cried pass it to everybody because my
chain is longer than it's in the other
line yes why my chain is now the real
life
and just what I got my luxury car and by
that's dangerous 51 cents
all right Krypton and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] August 2016
they were the victims there to
cryptocurrencies based on experience
they
mate 2018 McLuhan born was the victim of
a 51% attack
they stole 18 million dollars of Bitcoin
goals
somebody else who knows magic together
major knows math Mount ducks here knows
that mount dog stands for imagine the
other Yvonne line
okay that's gathering online exchange it
used to be in exchange for magic captain
Carter
somehow they became the
until they want
when I first research this in 2015 they
thought it had to be an inside job to me
there's no other way I'd lean inside job
just doing some up to you on my
information no that was stupid in 2011
they had somebody come in cut an outside
contractor okay this is a vulnerability
that anybody where computers in their
they got infected they lost a lot a lot
but not relative to what they later was
in a life
they thought they fixed it
and then in 2014 in February of 2014
they went offline
saying they had some bishops and later
that month they closed their doors and
filed for bankruptcy in Japan and later
the United States because in February of
2014 they had no Bitcoin level not zero
they believe they've tracked it back to
2011 when that vulnerability was
introduced to their systems somebody
gotta brush up I don't remember the guys
name the FBI was involved in taking him
in his Bitcoin South Bitcoin exchange
down in Russia FBI in Russia depart one
okay he slowly over those three years
siphoned off every little when they
first had their incident in 2012 where
they lost
they to exempt their their own Bitcoin
that they own and put it in cold storage
we'll start with you here again it's not
on the network right I had an image
leave you know flash drive office drawer
you know something like that to say
okay so what they think happened to that
is as people
running Schwartz has got somebody
ok firstly I thought it was pretty
stupid
was run by Magic the Gathering which is
not really fortunately the guy who
created the website for magic gathering
carnage we sold it to the crawlers it
actually sold it I think before any of
the ship so even
so he got away
but that's yeah it's looks like
everything else and those are my sources
and the SI source myself
because I needed a place to start please
brother
and I also wanted to give you guys all
of the resources from that but I didn't
want to take that fire thing so I gave
as you can see on the screen it's really
hard to see I wish that we had a
different have questions let me know
but and I'm going to delete all of this
afterwards so please just don't call I'm
doing these presentations it's going to
me but so empowered are you more focused
on power share prices what do you want
to know this is a great power show
regime Python raise rain shouldn't be
the other out so we'll start with
Township it's pretty a partial report
I'm running on Mac can one parish or on
Windows but you have to have specific
libraries right now power show is power
stroke Wars like 6.2 new done whatever
but they're releasing powers for seven
in a couple weeks which basically gets
you into Windows PowerShell and it all
just goes to PowerShell anti ourselves
for is on certain any Libya and the
center wears whatever type of operating
system windows it will be baked in so
one of the cool things the history of my
app icons tip which zip stands for like
eight different things but the heat on
it's white on installer package or
packages whatever melodies work it is
Python justice there's 100 no one really
know what it's called PO pip install and
this whatever those are the package in
the PowerShell everything is hard
last mission a unit that was packages
are manly built into the operation were
built into the platform his bird - man
so energy Pope get set
whatever analogy modulus hold it and all
of this is accessible by doing like the
get - command list or your built-in
commands any third parties but part of
this is going to be we're gonna use the
built-ins
keep them right we're fine is what they
call install - Martha install - modules
like so if I open up a terminal and I
can actually I'm going to do and PW SH
that's what they use instead of
PowerShell
or power so Portland because they will
eventually probably go back to just
regular power show but they needed the
transitional name so here the studio and
you could tell that I'm in a parish or
console because the ps1 and one of the
built-in commands is install module and
one of the ones that we're gonna
actually do today is called PS Twitter
API third party package it's some
published to what they call new get for
the power show gallery and you can
actually just down there it's like pip
or if you ever been to pi PI that's
where all the Python application the
most part in a war you can actually with
PowerShell it's all a couple powers you
know gallon it's the same basic play I
want two built-in commands instead
powers from the module and we're going
[Music]
that clear no no sue okay let me bring
it over here kind of sorry come school
but if you want to just come up here you
can actually look at it it's installed -
module PS Twitter it yeah I'm actually
therefore since onyx already have room
install and then right part it pretty
straight pretty straightforward just
like that one and if you don't it
actually use their library that
third-party land is not one that's
hopefully recycle Python or whatever you
have to that use import that modular
from here you can see in this code
import modules possible usually you
I'm just kind of showing you in pretty
basic but we're going to do what we're
going to do is actually a ml this is a
joke account in tweets that actually
contain artificial intelligence but
don't mention I'm assuming I'm actually
going to read
fix you meant machine learning because
artificial word of you from there is
totally taken out of context true
artificial intelligence it means that
you have a Turing test return is an old
school of the 60s or even where Turing
test is a national or international
will simply say if you're in a room and
you're talking a computer or something
we can't tell and it's a computer and in
a official artificial intelligence no
one is ever catch anyone like this
you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just saying machine
learning is on the sub stuff saying when
you're all networks
oh then sorry I'm not trying to go into
it so machine learning so basically in
artificial intelligence I'm actually
gonna read read now we're gonna hate me
so what we're gonna do is once we
actually install this mantra we have to
kind of understand a little bit
there's two differently you use the help
commandment but I'm actually just gonna
go out to that actual website the person
that created it and look at their
documentation so it's on get up the
source code those Python packages will
probably gonna be a bid and then they
have a whole bunch of communities they
they have like an apron basically just
continent and we're gonna actually so
with PowerShell the first thing we want
to do in this first one we want to
actually import after again usually a
very catchy installing but that's true
we've already so one of the things that
we're actually going to create is it's
an author everything in PowerShell is
enough as kids it has values as part of
Python is some form of key equals
stability
I'm creating a bunch of and all of these
are going to be my settings and so if
you wanted to actually go out and do
this go out to your Twitter you got you
could say go onto the website sign in up
in the right-hand corner there's no app
create fill in a couple of forms and you
get a pretty easy to do you enter him in
here and this will actually be all our
credentials you're not going to explain
if you want to afterward you can have a
beer it'd be awesome but so one of the
functions are one of the methods that
they have is going to set Twitter
velocity we're just setting facilities
within our our uppers or within our
environment and this set Twitter oo
setting we can actually go in it
luckily because it's open source we can
actually identify an actual code if you
see this bigger cut arts but this is
what you call function and empower show
it's called the function and the key
word is in Python in Oh show you the
minute it's actually called for
definition and that is a method or
function of the exact same
there's not really a parameters one
language does it differently but over
the function is a set block of code so
you want to always run always when I run
this code in the same manner as in
with PowerShell have different regular
functions which we can write any
function and I'm just going to go up
here we could just say function my
function doesn't have to have a name
just giving it a name and we just want
to close it with brackets square
brackets whatever but let's say we
wanted to actually you know write
something to the console that says okay
this is my function
okay one of the cool things with the
power shelf that can kind of do it in
pipeline but you can just highlight any
of the code because you can actually
just run it in the console just as if
it's valid it'll run not you'll get a
bunch of read but I can actually say
maybe I should sort of this so much
change my commander vosch sorry my
visual studio is having room so I'm just
[Music]
so what happens in power shirts it's
when you actually run that block of code
it's actually going to load it into
memory and that means it hasn't brain
you're just defining what that
contributions same with them just
because you have it it's not calling you
since I've just copied and pasted in
your memory it doesn't really mean it
but if I type my function on my of what
Liam power sure we have a lot of
completion my function now I actually am
calling and what it does
I'm getting some errors permission what
basically is printed out this is my
I'm going to believe that here this is
just a script call this enormous but
we're setting those all centers where
we're passing in look at this velocity
zone value variable when we've created
and then we actually want to go ahead
and use one of the built into this
package for models they actually come in
modules in PowerShell and packages are a
bunch of different modules in Python a
single Python cloud is actually a
package really confusing that's not
clear please let me know but a module is
module is a set of functions and powers
lawyer pack is twisted so we kitc
Twitter search tweets and we know that
based on my previous writing of this one
of the parameters is - Q and we're
actually going to Hassan okay artificial
intelligence this means that we're
what I only want to know because I don't
want to experiment so and we're taking
all of that output enslaving into a very
public wheatless and tweets variable
we're actually going to iterate
iteration is looping up we're going to
actually take each one of those now
using that variable there's ten openness
that we've discussed and we're actually
going to run through each one of those
properties both statuses and we're
actually going to run a method because
you can tell it's a method of empower
show
everything you know a method invoked
Python in power show are going to be so
we're going to say okay for each one of
them if it's not chunky means the tech
screams I mean let me show you what this
looks
[Music]
I'm just going to make a bigger comment
search
[Music]
what I'm doing here is to put this out
I'm using the right host commandment I
just built in that's how you do the
French python and I'm saying okay tweets
not status it goes that's just how the
object just met and we're gonna run that
and it should print out if I don't like
mess up things so you can see there's a
whole bunch of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
a bunch I am part of this is going to be
the different properties and we never
created that and you can tell these are
properties based on the wrinkles nestled
all part of the
an equal five key values say truncated
user gos playing so I'm took all those
are properties
so when we're actually calling this
reads we we actually are calling what
one of the properties is called statuses
and we're doing so for each another one
in this dollar sign underscore means
that pump so for each one we're taking
that object lady that dolly and then the
property or just Rumple so if it's not
true meaning that the default value is
false we want it to be or if it is true
we don't want that make sense logic okay
so if that text does not contain
an equalizer a way to actually evaluate
that condition is using a - not context
there's one of them in PowerShell 17 or
personal blinders contains in not in so
on so you have to kind of dig through
the job story about but if it does not
contain like the word machine learning
this then we want to actually print out
the text whatever that property is and
we want to ask a question here we're
doing in Python it's both input power
show us called and it's going to ask me
okay do you want to read question typing
yes because I'm doing an evaluation
right below it that says if my my answer
to that question is yes then we want to
go ahead
let me let me try to run this you're
sure
[Music]
they took them through and you know say
okay this is the text of that week that
we just saw
artificial intelligence real sass I
don't even know what the hell that
hashtag is - it's cool but let's find
something a little bit more interesting
so in there I'm actually going to say no
our evaluation again well yeah yeah but
trying to do demo artificial intelligent
pasty that's the same damn one Biden
says instead of USDA we need a trend
America's yeah how are you going to the
footwear
deal with our net to deal with
artificial intelligence channels all
right I guess there's the debate kaga
too skimpy but now listen so for this
one I'm not gonna say yes I'd love to
and I connected because I had a break-in
which told the taxon after I selected so
if I actually go to my Twitter account
and we look perfect
[Music]
so i retweeted saying fixed you mention
my reaction yeah
so this is actually an entire bot that
so that's one thing right and so really
like a PowerShell if we're going to look
at this we would we would honestly do if
you use Visual Studio code which is what
I recommend better support even just
negative margin just agree it's possibly
which supports any language but one of
the cool things about Visual Studio
Senator Jeff Howard show installers is
there's built-in snippets and answer
code blocks down that you can reuse
they're really cool and really have the
best practices in line one of them is
pop up there there's several but we can
actually copy that all of this stuff is
I may actually City my imitates engine
air you would actually supply their
individual lines like given dirty or my
then I can actually get supply hope to
anybody that's ever going to use it
awesome because you don't have to write
document this is your back you disco
they know how to use this you
thanks so much easier like out here look
this done
never have to talk to Mary Gary and
there's a bunch of different examples
like all that but really it the
apunching a basic function that we
showed earlier was function you know but
to make it an advanced function and we
actually use what they call this command
that binding command that binding gives
you a whole bunch of attributes that are
actually you don't have to work for I
think if you wanted verbose or if you
including
it's already built in literally all you
have to do is come and the binding and I
had a couple of different online it's a
miracle there's some extremes that you
wanted to write just like Plato's anyone
actually although if they calls are -
your bows don't they'll never see that
out there but helps with troubleshooting
- something to make it
additionally you have parameters and if
one thing and difference between Python
and PowerShell is this parameter of
validation Python it's very limited you
have to do a lot of your validation of
what types they are any constraint
around that you want PowerShell you can
so this example we could say granted
would it's true you have to provide if
you don't I'm gonna throw a Python to do
that basically show you
mandatory perimeters are not mandatory
means there's value to it and power shut
up you can set a default value it's not
really recommended you should say I
don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
what do you know read a pass in this
type if you don't know but you can also
set what position in the command
at the first position last whatever you
could specify that you can actually
provide a loan today so if you ever see
PowerShell get help a pipe like you care
to come down and then the other command
is maybe another that is actually taking
the filtered value first passing it over
think of it as a rubble it's literally
just passing a filter over taking that
we then pass it over but the data is
going to keep getting smaller you can
validate that it's not null
I mean there's tons of different options
you just want to remember evaluation you
can set the aliases so maybe if someone
who doesn't want to type - computer
there's just one name because relation
you couldn't set an alien school so and
there's tons of different ones this is
also called Caston so I'm actually
making sure that this variable the
matter what you pass them has to be an
integer number or anything so there's a
bunch of other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in here but this is
the basis of an advanced filter we're
looking at Python in Python everything
after the import you have to install
that in that package or the module or
get that library from the third party
usually it's gonna so if you open up if
you just go to your browser and type
ipython org py fly that or any package
out there that you can throw out
something that you think would be peeled
to be so proud what okay I'm just going
to do a skew on
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] let's I'm gonna do one like tenable
which one it's big enough tenable you
probably wouldn't buy ten bowls because
it's reading like them but so part of
that is once you actually install it
with let's say your terminal I'm gonna
exit out of this I'm just a regular
command show no no you can do him
install tweet be already have it in salt
it's probably not gonna say much
it's gonna say okay my requirements
already satisfied
I've already I have all the dependencies
everything else if I wanted to look at
each everything that I do have this long
[Music]
no Twitter opens worship yeah and you
you should review that's good
make sure you understand
what you're insulting Figgins there's
been known just like the nerd and any
other language new it's been breached
how many times but because token source
and people just say I'm just gonna make
some I'll see owner for the week and
they downloaded crypto miners and she
was like really like understand look at
how many stars on you didn't look it up
many people were actually using it or
there's a lot of Commons search usually
the stacker or Python I want to do this
thing you'll find like top Brazil told
me like I use this like pretty and still
be conscious but it's usually pretty
good but you can see all the ones that
you really should do what I married but
I'm talking about virtual parties where
you buy us one of the things with so
just like Python PowerShell you have
built in two minutes
in the others instead of during that
module that was important for
wiedersehen in our show we have to do an
import so in this case it's tweeted TP
don't maintain this one that still works
I use that also one of the cool things
about my coin is if I do searched Whitby
here
part of it is that though I have like a
home page link it's usually will take
you to github or wherever for the source
code and you can look through that but
[Music]
so I knew what the name is thuy B dot
though they actually their own website
it's usually something dot read the docs
I oh I know I alter a geography for
example I attack
let's fly attack read the docs then I go
and here's like all the detail on the
documentation music populations come
back
so we have all these kind of you know
examples find something with but if they
don't have documentation every nice
thing it means they just don't care if
it's not on pipe I don't use it
like if they don't put the effort to
like just put it in get up and never
like oh you have to clone my repo you
always don't ever just because I don't
want to remember what the hell I was
thinking when I read this thing or
explain it to anybody else
I'm being honest so part of instead of a
you know there's basic functions in
Python where they go deaf my function
and this is good for most men and you're
going to say bye function I'm going to
give it my Bram one gram - and require
Ram equals one truth
so they equals true doesn't really
matter it's really the equals anything
so this means that it this is the
default value for this it's actually not
sorry actual for him and the default
value that I've said that it is true it
could be pulse could be any string that
I wanted yeah carrot this one you could
be none whatever it's being anything
that he wants there are some advanced
things where you can actually specify
that's about all the parameter
validation you ever give there's no
mandatory I mean it's kind of built into
each one of these that doesn't have an
equal means in community but you can't
validate that what they passing is in
the empty space for the shrimp not like
I mean yeah there's ways to do it
basically all your validation should be
underneath that function and this
function is all separated by this
definition so if we skip past that we're
gonna go into more advanced it's classes
this is working really showing this is
like so class is an object an object is
methods and properties what you're doing
in a class is for the finding that
there's benefits in with those
properties and so in a class instance
that means one single copy of that class
that you're freed and you're defining
what that object means so in my example
I'm going to create a Twitter sprinkler
optimist I'm setting it to the type or
but I'm also this were real Street as
you need because it's before in the
function call
it's actually called a plasma plasma
that means it's that it doesn't change
from instant stances so I didn't create
hundred different instances of Twitter's
for work no matter what that value is
always going to be the silver because it
took five it's it's all about the class
not the object or instance here we're
calling this def underscore they call it
a thunder - Thunder meth enjoy special
methods
you'll see them quite a bit but dündar
means double on the screen has double
underscored front that was cool under
school and underneath or on the backside
but in it is a initializer
we're gonna initialize this and I've
required when you create this this
classroom this object you need to pass
in these parameters which are consumer
key consumer secret access to a key key
access to the secret and I'm also we're
actually calling and that we PE that we
imported and we're saying because of
this import statement here we're setting
to EP that Olaf Angela pass in and we
use of the two of these parameters will
be passed in and set it to this very
minute and then we're also saying auth
dot which has a method inside of that
created it called set access token and
we're setting his accident all of that
is being set into what they call the
private instance method so if you ever
see a fight in Python itself dot there's
always a instance it's not a class line
to it every every time you call always
you will always be different on every
swing and it's only within that instance
of that
if they stop - laughs you're a real
Street doesn't have to happen under
sprack tiss it's always there be stuff
no matter what how many instances you
ask so one of the other things inside
it's method
it's calling saying okay I wonder what
my scope has this instance opens to one
incidence
and the I can pass in an optional
parameter sensitivity by people that
said to number then I'm actually looping
through and creating all the bunch of
tweets so you
so based on our treaty library the
cursor will passing in our query
intelligence same thing
count 10 these other ones are just there
I'm not going to entertain if there's
but each one that it's actually found
I'm going to loop through and say for
sweet
creating a variable doesn't matter when
they've been saying for each one of
these 10 that have we found if it equals
R if machine learning is denied my
limits of the jack pack contains is in
between
next week then I want to go in and
text doing this a little bit different
fun
so I'm gonna call Python mom you can do
Python to my people to do when it finds
on three but we're just ended by that
jr. because one on in then I'm gonna do
give it the path dinner
and I have got a home
and this bra input here which basically
we know in a dangerous and complicated
world understanding artificial
so I'd sing instead of it's actually
doing and this one
every one of these
because I don't care I just
so I'll make a trip showing no signs of
slowing down
reimagining the future of travel and
hospitality with
who who is doing that sorry
so I don't even understand how these
yo Co opal trouble
I'm learning business I love how all of
these are my can accompany some animals
I think it's funny but hi
so I'm also crazy no slack but it does
the same thing events run official
see
but any questions no I went long
no it is not cases best practice yes
Kimmel is an amazing yeah like a
public-facing that that's how tricky on
internal variables it's typically best
practiced actually I don't really know
why in Python yeah
Python though these static where you
sold at the very top I have these
cutters for that I made my own meaning
they're not really freighted they never
but it's kind of a sick someone they
I don't even know what that is really
it's a whole bunch of documentation
about best practice some people yeah so
if you're interested invite them I just
released this it's still really going
but murder Lisa might have it and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
through mostly work personal - it's
you basically give it Parkinsons names
in fashion like well where do you want
to create it
and then you have to enter in 21:41
and then it generates and you select it
grates this kind of structure it already
has rebuilt
Claudia
just want to get a quick search yeah
yeah hopefully you enjoyed it if you
everything cost way more