[Applause]
others so here is with automation your
interview here is how to automate your
security or how people have prly
automated theiry and for every
person that doesn't shut the up we
t
there we go yeah this is the whole this
is you guys are really good at shut the
up actually um not you practice uh
anyway here we go thank you very much
thank you
Maddie hello everybody hello Kansas City
what's
up all right let's talk security
automation uh everybody's favorite topic
so who am I uh my name is John tuckner
you might know me from around town at
places like HR Block Optive cider areas
so who knows you know I think that's
those places inlo about half this town
so um yeah that's where my mssp
experience comes from uh I do other
Consulting security engineering stuff
and like everybody else here I'm a
barbecue maker coffee addi and baseball
fan so yeah that's a little bit about me
but tonight's talk is about security
Automation and what it means to me what
my definition of security automation is
uh but also you know I don't think a lot
of people talk about security automation
so I love using these platforms as a way
to talk about how people are able to
make security security automation how
many people in here like use a sore or
like have dabbled in security automation
at all all right we got like three
people I love it this is going to be a
great
talk all right so what security
automation means to me uh how the market
is kind of set it up it was that you
have a SIM and you get alerts and you
create a ticket from those alerts and
maybe a little had some gry noise
enrichment or whatever to those alerts
um and then you kind of stop there you
hand it off to a human and you say human
go do the rest right I think it goes a
little bit further than that so uh I
work for a company called times this is
as much as I'll shill I promise uh but
it's a no code low code security
automation platform which helps people
uh link together it's kind of like the
glue of a security stack right so taking
a different approach to this uh let's
say we have an alert for a new
multiactor device being registered for
user right it seems kind of bad been
like a fire ey report um a lot of
companies have had really bad incidents
based on it what if you were able to
look up that person in a directory reach
out to them on slack and say hey did you
actually add like did you get a new
phone yesterday right maybe you did
maybe you didn't but at least you're
like lowering that Gap to being able to
say hey like this two Factor
authentication piece that allows access
into my network is that was that
actually you doing that right right and
if it isn't you need to be on top of
disabling that as fast as possible and
clearing sessions and things of that
nature
right so that's what security automation
means to me uh in my position I'm
currently the manager of a organization
called time for labs I get to just think
about cool security automations day in
and day out and I have a team that uh
that's what all that we do right and
that gives me a really nice insight and
view into a lot of num and a lot of like
strategies that companies are using that
hopefully I can take and give to you all
today all right one thing that we
started off with uh a little bit last
year it actually has kind of the
foundations of a secc meeting is where
this this idea really percolated it's
called the automation capability Matrix
so whoever's um knowledgeable in miter
attack this is like the automation
version version of that okay so it's a
set of techniques designed to help
security automation team understand what
is toss uh it's not a specific if you
have crowd strike you do this it's if
you have an EDR you can probably do this
capabilities each capability in The
Matrix is uh Standalone and provides a
lot of great info about like what it can
do but when you join a couple of these
capabilities together you get a much
like broader workflow so think you get a
fishing uh email submission you want to
create a ticket to track that you want
to look up and analyze the headers in
that email you want to pull out all the
domains and URLs and analyze those and
maybe you want to add those to a block
list right so each of those pieces is
its own individual capability but all
together you have a really verbose and
workflow so from the from suc uh this is
is what I ended up going back home
basically drunkenly and wrri down into
my iPad and saying okay this is a
technique that somebody would do this is
a technique and just like started
jotting out this like Matrix right and
this was honestly the first version of
it posted to LinkedIn people really
thought it was awesome so I was like
okay I'm going to take this and do a
more so from that uh I took to notion I
don't know how many people use notion
but it provided a really great interface
to publicly list everything that I was
working on internally in kind of this
like uh swim Lan type fashion right so
it reads left to right top to bottom a
little bit uh alert handling issue
tracking enrichment user interaction
response continuity and procedural are
the are the main topics and within each
of those is like something that you
could automate in your organization more
specifically your sock but uh maybe
there could be a matrix for like red
this is what an individual box in that
Matrix looks like so you'll have the
name the description a couple techniques
that are technology agnostic of like how
you would carry this out and below this
I cut it off but like I'm also showing
my company uh a couple workflows that
you can get going with like with a
right a little history of this so um
between that like
November December sekc meeting and
January 16th is when we officially
released the Matrix March 13th I finally
had my team members join uh join times
and so they were able to really kind of
like rally around creating examples for
the Matrix we now have one example for
every capability in The Matrix so we
know it's possible um that happened on
September 20m and then on December 10th
we ended up releasing an interactive
tool so the notion page and we we it was
very much like we're throwing
information at you you need to digest
that now we have an interactive tool
which allows you to assess your own
security automation program right so you
can say uh yeah I do similar it's this
is my workflow for that uh this is my
workflow for opening up J tickets and
all whatnot there you can set the
priority um I'll provide a link to this
but it's also like open source privacy
conscious you can use it I don't like
see anything think it's just a nice tool
for you to use and validate your
security
program so uh from The Matrix uh it was
spotted in a couple spots this year
which I was like thrilled with I
honestly couldn't believe it uh we were
included in a blackout Europe talk there
were a couple people um on the Internet
or yeah unlike LinkedIn that were
sharing it it was seen in a couple red
threads and there was one person that
said thank you for sharing this I think
it's an amazing framework initiative
that could be a standard for
classification of store automations a
bit like the react framework but with
more focused so uh react's a really cool
uh initiative out there as well I took a
lot of inspiration from it but it's very
high level and uh I wanted to make
something like a little bit more
people all right so a lot of this is
going to be based on the uh some of
these stats are going to be based on and
categorized based on the automation C
Matrix but here's just the general
things that maybe you can look at
automated um from what we do at times we
create these work flows for people and
we distribute them out uh in a manner
called our like library and uh in the
past year we were able to give out
almost 18,000 workflows half uh 5
million executions and we found that uh
about 35% of all of our like users so
you can sign up for times and just throw
it away 35% of everybody has utilized
the library so I thought that's really
like compelling and awesome that people
are getting some value out of it in
somewhere
form this is a great uh overview of just
kind of like the general tools that
people start with with automation so
slack and virus total uh I think we all
knew that like virus total is going to
be that one thing that everybody kind of
starts with when
they're insecurity and wanting to like
work with an API for the first time but
slacks actually like really uh surpass
that I think that's just because
everybody want wants to funnel their
alerts into slack one way or
another uh jira Crow strike Google URL
scan AWS Microsoft abuse ipdv and pag
Duty uh round up the list I think this
is a little bit representative of our
client base too um I think as we grow as
a company we'll do a lot more with
Microsoft and things that nature as well
so I wouldn't be like too dismissive of
what this says and why or if you can
notate with that or
not we've also like tagged a lot of our
stories in the library so uh from that
like jir had a lot of attention slack
virus
total people were looking up ioc's and
wanting to know more like wanting to
document their workflows automatically
which I think is really compelling so uh
not only are you like codifying your
security response but then you can also
use that automation to document like
what's happening in your security
organization which is really nice uh
rounding this out is URL scan
crowdstrike tle um alerts and enrich
it's just kind of like catch all
topics then we have like the number of
workflow executions uh that we see our
customers utilizing uh slack is just
carrying the torch here but what I would
really say here uh based on this is
there's a capability in SL to receive an
event every time that you have an emoji
added a message posted like there's just
so much functionality that um for for
example here I'll get to it here in a
second U of how you might like see the
exponentially um a couple thing uh so in
our library obviously we have like a
search functionality to find the
workflow that's actually meaningful to
you and I just like I picked a couple
topics that I thought were really
interesting in the past year so
artificial intelligence is one of them
you can see that around March last year
uh anything kind of artificial
intelligence open AI Chad GT those
searches just increased by so much um
and you can really line it up with when
the chat GT API was released so people
were able to like introduce AI into
their workflows a little bit easier and
then what happened is everybody thought
okay this is great but it doesn't
actually give me the answers that I'm
looking for AI like super overrated uh
I'm just going to move along and then
the gbd4 API was released and like
interest started picking right back up
again we realized that the like d Vinci
models were like fine but gb4 is where
it's at and now like interest is really
picking back up again and a lot of
people are using um AI of their like
security
response
um always relevant fishing we haven't
solved it uh fishing is still like a
very valuable topic it's kind of a bread
and butter for security automation but
what we have seen is like kind of Trends
in fishing and there was actually a
really like new fishing novel fishing uh
attack that people were leveraging this
year by sending QR codes to people and
say hey scan this we'll attack you to
your phone we'll be able to um get yeah
get get you to a website you can't be
able to like pick out that URL from the
uh email itself the domain and analyze
it you have to actually scan the QR code
right so that's like really dangerous a
lot of companies came out with ways to
you know uh protect themselves against
that but it really caught people's
attention and people started looking for
answers for opportunities to like knock
that
down
um I want to I want to go over a couple
things so um this is going to be like a
couple examples of the top workflows
that we see or the top uh capabilities
that we see in use and some example
workflows of how you would go about
implementing them so this uh the top one
is like creating a tracking or like
creating a tracking ticket so opening a
ticket in J and service now that's going
to be the top thing everybody knows that
when you get in a Lear you need to open
up an instant that's a great thing to
automate followed by domain analysis so
taking your URLs understanding if
they're malicious or not file hatch
analysis obviously looking up the hashes
and virus total chat alerts so sending
your chat uh sending your alerts to chat
so in your SL chain just kind of
flooding out with all the alerts you're
heading and then email attribute
analysis so looking up headers and
understanding like who the Senter
actually was was is that a known
Center so this is what it looks like in
our platform
um you can see how you can kind of Link
together a couple of the capabilities
but what really matters here is the
tracking location so we're getting a uh
craft strike detection that's an
endpoint alert capability at the top
we're going to search for the ioc virus
total that's hash analysis and then
we're going to move on to uh tracking
location creating a ticket to track that
detection craft strike and adding all
in and here's just kind of a graph of
what that look looks like um as far as
the most common workflows by the
capability ID that I was mentioning
earlier so we have the automation
capability Matrix you have a workflow
created and you're tagging that workflow
with what capabilities are being
performed in that and this is kind of
the prevalence um of those
tags so again tracking location user
notification hash analysis chat alerts
analysis
then we get into the uh amount of
um executions not just like the presence
of a specific like capability but the
number of times that capability was
executed is another way to look at this
chat alerts again you're sending like
tons of alerts into slack and just
hoping that somebody Picks Them Up or
like responds to them I think what a lot
of people see is like you're going to
still dump all your alerts into a
channel that's on mute but you're still
going to open up a Jer ticket or maybe
you'll open a Jer ticket for some of
them and actually respond in that way
that would be like the difference that I
see across these
two uh the next one is user notification
this one's actually really uh
fascinating really awesome so being able
to like reach out to the user I know
I've spent like countless hours trying
to track down hey did you actually like
log in from China yesterday uh that
that's such a Time waster and like
pretty bad but you sometimes you
actually do want that person's like
response back uh depending on where
they're going I've seen a lot of really
cool automations like looking up
somebody's BTO too so one thing to think
about uh the next one is chat events so
um this is that example that I was
thinking about earlier is uh we have
some customers that every time that
somebody sends a message and slap to a
channel they're going to pull that out
and they're going to say does this have
like AWS CR credentials in it and is
this a credit card number and be able to
say okay I need to like actually respond
somebody sharing information slack they
should
be uh IP analysis and IP list these kind
of go hand in hand so look up the IPS uh
the second you look up an IP it's kind
of like already going to be a new
reputation and a new IP that you need to
deal with um so if you actually get a
bad result you'll probably want to add
that to a block list and be able to like
whatever so this is what I was talking
about with the uh suspicious logins so
you get an I am alert from OCTA you
probably want to validate that session
if OCTA is giving you some signal that
it's like a a bad login um and then you
can reach out to that user saying hey
was this actually you logging in from
this location uh maybe they'll log in
again and maybe it won't be suspicious
this next time if they uh if you have
that session cleared but then you can
also reach out to the user and get some
additional context you're probably going
to do this anyways manually uh in your
organization
anyways uh here you can see how like
chats can kind of just uh exponentially
grow compared to all the other ones like
user notification chat events um and IP
Lo
c um and then through all this what
we've been able to do through the
automation capability Matrix through uh
labeling these things classifying them
we've been able to do like a little case
study with one of our customers so they
had 25 capabilities Implement and tag
out of about 70 um so I think that's
good progress on them about 10 workflows
they had are utilizing slack slash
commands with about 2,000 executions
which is really cool so they're able to
create these commands in slack that a
and their company can utilize say look
up an IP address they don't have to give
access like privileged access to a
specific Tool uh and now those people in
their organization can like get
additional info without having to
involve a security
engineer the last note here
they they think or this is a great idea
but what they're able to do is send like
a du or an OCTA two-factor prompt uh so
instead of reaching out to the user and
saying hey was this you they only will
trust the response of a two-factor
authentication push right and Duo and
Octor are two great platforms that allow
you to do that they execute that 721
times to people which I think is pretty
interesting um unfortunately for them
they say that only saves them 6.5 hours
per month so there's two ways of that I
think you can like assess your security
program time saved is an obvious one but
then there's also like the uh
reliability that your workflow can be
executed and the time it will take to
like say get a user response right um a
couple different ways of thinking about
it but time saved is where everybody
kind of initially goes to but there's
actually a lot there to be able to
program um so I had a couple
recommendations just based on uh this is
what their automation capability Matrix
look like in the uh in the assessment
that we did um it's really small but you
can see like time saved and number of
execution listed on each of these
configuration items um basically what I
was saying to them is like they don't
have anything blocking with an IP list a
domain list or a hash list all these are
usually you're able to upload these to
something like a crow strike and say um
there's a really cool functionality if
you upload hashes to CRST stripe uh
you'll stop them from even being
executed uh you're able to like automate
that really
easily and then just like document and
highlight the effort made uh when time
saved a little bit more uh they didn't
have anything listed for like uh
tracking issues or anything like that
and I think that was just uh they didn't
have any of that tagged in the at the
did um and then we kind of just get into
future state so they gave me some some
things that they were looking at based
on the automation capability Matrix so
they're going to reach out to users more
often they're going to try and get their
uh user responses more um and then
they're going to like look at notifying
emergency resources and better incident
response handling so you can create a uh
insert response Channel and slack the
second that you get a critical severity
alert um or pay UPS be a pager Duty when
something happens so I think that would
be really great um more slash commands
for them and then time escalation so if
somebody hasn't responded to an alert in
a given amount of time uh up the sity of
it um and then they're also going to add
more response actions um with the
slackbot so artifact Gathering disabling
MFA devices and asset lookup um so
artifact Gathering you know get this
file from this host and be able to
analyze it in sandbox or something like
that um and to finish off I have a
couple bold predictions just for the h
bit for next year so uh I think identity
is still growing exponentially uh if
you're doing firewall stuff and data
center I know it's very uh very typical
here um I think even then everybody's
having to deal more with identity and uh
user identities being will knock down uh
indication boundaries so definitely look
at that uh resource attestation is an
interesting one but um I'm getting a lot
of feedback that uh we want the device
we want to know that the device is
healthy and be able to reference
automations based on that um one really
cool use case that I saw was mailing uh
laptops out to new users at a company
how do you know it's that user that's
actually gotten that device right so I
think there's a lot of cool things you
can do there uh Sim less uh I think
we've seen a lot of really cool
implementations without a SIM so the
alerts are always going to be out there
in your environment uh you can use
automation go out and grab then instead
of having to go through the time and
energy to set up a sim a log Source
parsing all that only then to just kind
of like let the other sit there so
actually do something with them um all
the clouds so no matter I think maybe up
until like the past couple years
everybody was like we're a aw shop we're
a gcp shop I think the whole thing is
kind of for our hands if you're going to
acquire a company through m&amp;a or or
anything like that you're going to have
to be you're going to be forced to work
with all clouds so it' be good to get
some knowledge in all them and how to do
authentication and
identity um Ai and no code if you want
to leverage AI definitely like look to
the no code platforms like times like
make legs happier you'll get a lot more
out of them and then more contextual SAS
data there's so many SAS platforms and
they actually have like really cool info
one was the last time that you looked at
like the slack admin API to know some uh
some activity and that's happening it's
slack right and so it's that kind of
thing that people are going to start
digging into a little bit more as we
go and that's it so uh scan the random
QR code on the screen uh definitely not
malware it'll get you to the automation
capil Matrix um this is my info if you
want to look me up add me talk more
about automation um but really enjoyed
it thank you for having me and any
questions yeah appreciate
it
question I got a question well thank you
very much oh sorry question yeah yeah d
i I want to know for your Automation and
specifically like malware analysis do
you recommend right now our Dynamic Mal
analysis that we use our tool not really
good for automation especially since you
have to you know for one it's not built
out for Automation and then two you have
to obviously wait for that sandbox to ex
XYZ M where maybe it's browser based
attack you recommend um a certain
service for automation for uh Dynamic
sxes yeah yeah I can go a couple
different ways like hybri an is really
good any any.run it's great I think to
execute links um what and then one of my
guys like yeah a bunch of different ways
you can take this um one of my guys just
went through like a quarter long project
to set up
a lab with terraform and flare VM and
like give himself like the entire
playground to be able to analyze piece
of malware um and the the full Genesis
of that it's like say you get a crow
detection he's able to take that off the
host and have that in its an hour lab in
the second but that detection basically
occurs so I think it's really neat um if
you're if you don't have the
capabilities like with your own
lab that's kind of what we're limited to
right now is is is it's a that's a
government funded analysis labin and
there's no API
automation check with your isacs because
some of those uh will provide a it's
actually provided through an ISAC oh
okay and it doesn't and it doesn't it
won't support any type of automation to
right now and that's why you know you
got to look at spending the big bucks to
get that feature but I get for free
right now an
ISAC that's all cool I have a question
how do you get around the fact that any
of the chat Services slack teams what
have you that they're scanning anything
that you put inside their
service uh the question is how do you
get around chat and uh services like
slack team scanning what we have inside
yeah you put an IP address in there
they're going to scan it go check it out
themselves and so on and so on yeah that
I mean that's a really valid question um
I would say is it like is that
your maybe that would be beneficial to
you right like it's more intelligence
out there in the world I don't know if
like IP addresses anywh else or
necessarily like too sensitive or too
prior proprietary to your own
environment right uh more so around like
a URL you put in there teams go scans it
now a bad actor knows hey someone's
looking at this now y
soop I mean I think I think it's uh kind
of on the path to stopping him right so
yeah
[Applause]