all right so as he said we are college
students and now we work we give this
that this is a research project for one
of our graduate level courses yeah it's
graduate level information security
courses the idea behind this was thought
of not out of malice or sexual deviant
but just out of pure curiosity so all
we're gonna start this off with a couple
of questions and we want you to think
about this throughout a talk so the
concept for this came from these
stemming questions came compromising
these devices lead to sexual assault if
security controls are not implemented is
the vendor liable for non securing their
applications due to the loss of data and
can the information that is stored be
considered protected health information
we asked multiple professionals and none
of them gave us any answers so it's
whatever you think lawyers just like to
say it depends so it depends but you'll
see these types of articles in the paper
about these IOT devices or these smart
dildos whatever you want to call them
snooping on customers and losing data
and allowing people to control them
remotely so the summary of what we'll
cover throughout this talk is listed out
here okay - we'll explain a little bit
yeah so basically our inspiration
actually came from something that
chainsaw at Def Con
he saw that mmm dogs there it's a I
guess research project that's for
Internet connected buildings
find and secure those the next thing is
we did look into two different types of
devices one was the vibes and the vendor
actually ended up fixing it right before
like I don't know two or three months
right before we started looking into it
which is great that's great reception
and then after that we're going to talk
about our analysis of the eye ball
device and then suggested mitigations
and problems caused by the bones that we
found and then it down another speaker
so yes so the influence of the project
came from the Internet of Don's project
which was sponsored by pornhub and their
goal is to enhance the privacy security
and safety by educating IOT
manufacturers on risks and devices that
are available in the market they also
created the Don vulnerability exposure
the DB DV e which is synonymous with CVE
but special and then if you have a
beautiful area so you can go check out
their website they have lots of stuff
I also disclaimer when we were doing our
research project you're unable to get a
hold of the vendor so all of the things
we found are still in the wild don't use
I didn't tell you and this didn't happen
so responsible disability or something
something all right
so here we just have you guys may know
about this there are common problems
with cinema IOT devices just in general
some of those being imports for access
control they're always connected to the
Internet for the most part and easy to
access and then the other one is a lot
of the times we see common application
applause so for example our ApS will not
have authentication enabled or different
encryption mechanisms are non
[Music]
okay and so what we found here is like
many other IOT devices or device that we
analyze both devices were using
yeah so our devices and this is pretty
easy to spit so we just purchased this
adafruit's and it was and went from
there
oh no he has the mic now okay so some of
the improvements we found with the
devices we looked at first in a paper
that was published back in December of
2017 where that the following things
occurred so they had a chat patient as a
part of the entire application for the
program for the device and there is no
inker there's no encryption of momentum
so when you're chatting with your
significant other or random on the
internet some other random person on the
internet could intercept that and then
and then also send a vibration codes
over the internet now so you might not
think that that's necessarily bad or who
would get off on that but as we found
earlier this weekend in a reddit posting
that I think Aaron goes to the SEC case
he slacks and people get off on using
TeamViewer to write to use your computer
and click on stuff so I guess this
counts too they're also Bluetooth
Bluetooth Low Energy security mechanisms
such as mac-address randomization that
had not one demented implemented that
could help prevent someone from finding
these devices out in the wild and just
connecting to them and having a good
time
so our review of the device is that they
did implement security for the XMPP
encryption for encryption and use SSL
pinning to remember in the middle which
we tried to do
and the device was still discoverable
and connectable via ble however ble
session had encryption so it was harder
to see what was going on yeah
surprisingly they implemented that and
like two months which is pretty great
and so this is just a p-type here you
guys can read through I guess but just
confirming that they didn't implement
encryption for their chat sessions ok
and so now we'll go into the I of all
the good app so basically the eyeball
eyeball application I mean the eyeball
consists of an actual device here and
this connects to a phone here via
bluetooth of course and you just an
application that consists with air
assists with the connection through your
app store or whatever and so it's
interesting because if you actually go
to the website for the eyeball they do
advertise but it's a it's a device where
you can get medical assistance
it's a kegel exercise ER and so we found
we find in both questionable that the
doctor was a doctor of psychology at a
some random University in China and also
odd because the app is will show you
here in a second I don't know how I can
qualify the medical advice if it's just
me so the first thing we looked at was
the permissions of the app one thing
while going through this project is that
a lot of these we won't say awful
applications but a lot of applications
have expansive permissions and that's
not always a bad thing and that's
something you have to keep in mind is
that sometimes when developers write
these applications they use older
versions of the Android API which
requires these well awful settings so it
needs access to all these things just to
function as a device so like waiting
lock and vibrate well obviously vibrate
but
I don't know how you can make that ones
make sense to me wait lock is because
you don't want your thing turning off in
the middle of a session right I mean
kind of defeats the purpose to us if
you're said it's like ten seconds right
settings that's just a basic permission
for writing to a log file I don't know
why you'd want a log file but that's
okay
bluetooth and bluetooth admin bluetooth
admin is needed to connect to the
devices will show you here that the
application will connect the device for
you or anyone else can as well change
Wi-Fi state and the rest of these are
just basic things that you would just
see in our most regular apps have Wi-Fi
stuff also if they are linking your data
to the Russian government we'll see that
too
okay so this is just an overview
basically of what we found so it's
possible to do a man militant session
hijacking the US and then there are also
privacy concerns that we think are
pretty significant basically a lot of
these do apply to ble and the
application will show you I don't know
you can read them I suppose but the
privacy concerns that we did realize or
that we did find because I think this is
interesting work that the application
does connect or dislike some information
like your age your child birth date
method of childbirth exercise progress
data and then in photos so in some cases
that's a decent amount of information to
and so this is somewhat related to our
demo basically the eyeball so with most
ble devices they're always advertising
you can find them anywhere this was us
just finding the eyeball broadcasting
here so we can see if I were if someone
we're using this eyeball and you were
nearby you could find this too just a
blue to that and then so what we did was
while the eyeball was connected to a
phone we went ahead and just take a pee
cap of it and that allowed us to find
one of the vibration codes and so you
so when we use the the sniffer the in a
the NRF sniffer to find this we won't be
doing that the part of the demo because
it's a pain in the ass so the only
advertises on three separate channels
the crappy device we got only listens to
one at a time and that's random so your
best chances of getting it right or one
out of three your my chance one out of a
hundred because I only got it once so I
don't know how the math adds up there
but didn't work so so it took quite a
few trial and error to even get this but
I guess if you're not cheap students
like us or worth then it would be quite
easy to just capture these all the
signals and replay them back to the
device so so some of mitigations that
could have been implemented are shown
here so there are different security
modes of ble that a developer can pick
when designing their products and
level-one the the basic one does not
enforce any security at all not
whatsoever
just do what you want man-in-the-middle
have fun and then the security motive
one nothing digital signings non-forest
higher modes provide the ability to
support exciting and then there is no
macro MAC address randomization and
advertisement we're just out sank who
they were so like he has to like
ask Julie yeah that's Julie and about
her hacker okay and so to use this app
and actually store your data you can use
it without an account but if you want to
store your data you're gonna sign up and
make an account and so what we found we
took a peek app and found that when a
user signs in their credentials were
sent in the clear but you know of course
their password was encrypted with an md5
hash so I guess that's enough here as
you can see we use a simple password and
we were able to find that turn it on not
yet I know you do
I do too that's why I did this so the
there's the pcap of the log and it just
is the same thing that we just went over
so there also an API which is fantastic
because they use none of it like three
of the month three of the methods in
here is all they use everything else all
the other endpoints were stolen from
another app which we'll get to here in a
second they did implement this so
what it does when you log in is it'll
send a get request to this endpoint here
with your password and md5 hash and the
username just in the plain and then at
the language so that's cool and that's
how you obtain your session token the
best part about the session tokens is
that they don't expire and you can ever
use them have as long as long as you
want
I had one when I logged into this when
we did this presentation six months ago
it still worked and then I was even on a
different device to that's the best part
what is security so it gave your session
token and then you're able to visit the
this web page just hit it with a get
request and then that session token in
the in the header and then you can get
right here we have a profile picture
from the account this is my friend's cat
great it's your cat she's having she
doesn't have a cat so some mitigations
that this that could have been done were
simple simple things one why would you
ever put your password in the arguments
for a get or post request I do not know
the password probably should be salted
and then hashed and then assaulted and
then authentication and traineeships
should be transmitted with TLS probably
definitely 1.2 and the API should
require authentication for all protected
endpoints some of them did not and then
also the traffic between the device so
next we're going to go into a
demonstration hopefully it works I don't
know we'll see what happens just do it
live
$5.00 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] $5.00 that's about how much
this entire does anyone have a device
we'll take some questions okay so here
we have a VM with Android because I
wasn't doing this on my phone because a
government will find out so a couple of
[Music]
so a couple of things is we have this
device here it's kind of fantastic we
brought it with us it's not it doesn't
it doesn't look like a dong so that
should be okay
why would it work all right there guys
so it's on and blinking if anyone wants
to take a look but we'll look for you so
this is Julie's profile here she sent
them is okay accident that I just told
her I was doing that's fine it's not
why would she spell their name I gotta
turn the Bluetooth off first oh here we
go so the device broadcasts it's a name
because it's very proud of itself so if
you ever see high ball anywhere you know
that your neighbor you probably
shouldn't go knocking on the door
they're doing extra sizes this is a
medical device you don't want to
interrupt their training regimen if
someone's messing with it that's not
cool
I didn't bring my Faraday bag I was a
bummer probably bad idea
[Music]
right edge
Julie whatever check to me okay so you
cannot do this feel the tightness
regimen which is a good one I suggested
highly so there's like horses if you
wanna the the the doctor of sexology and
that china suggests these I do not so we
can write here just do the tender
massage there it is well it's gonna
follow the table I should turn it off
okay now just let it fall off so with
that with that quick demonstration we do
know that it works and the app does
control it so the best part is that I
want to control it so I'm going to
disconnect from it I disconnect it
that's gone it's not there I'll turn off
Bluetooth to prove it and then what I'm
gonna do is I can go on my phone and
that covered that we found earlier I'll
go ahead and connect to this device from
not the app and then I will play a
vibration
it's not as strong because I didn't pick
the right one but it didn't work
it's only half the fun though
see if you want we can turn on the
Wireshark we can take a look at those
packets I don't want to save those bad
stuff in there so go to the app you can
log in that not Julie's profile because
we all know Julia would pick definitely
pick a dick but so we want to go into
her account
jave okay so we want to change our age I
know let's change it to 22 right 23 okay
and then the date cannot be I don't know
what that translates to it doesn't make
sense to me so we're gonna say yes oh a
childbirth ok vaginal our c-section so
this is so so this is where the medical
information comes into effect as in this
could probably could be considered
medical information and if you are I
don't see how it helps with your private
lessons of the courses I didn't seem to
the the assessments that I had didn't
well so the best part is there's also
games - I guess I should Terry there's
games if you want to fish you can fish
because it also it also helps if you
squeeze it and also sends signals back
so I'm not dissing signals from the
device it also tell you how strong your
I don't know it's a long story so I
think I think I got enough here though
here you go sent user information birth
away okay nickname J [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right here
here's your token age 23 how it's not
let's open it up see how there it is so
so it just sends it right in the in the
header it's but not even in the header
just right in the URL just hanging out
there so even with encryption this
wouldn't wouldn't really do anything so
if you uh if you see high ball I don't
here's my token if anyone wants that you
can go change at Julie's profile she'll
appreciate it cuz it's all false I can
tell you the password too but I think
you can just figure that out yourself
it's probably in there talking somewhere
so that was the demonstration maybe not
so basically what we went over is the
lack of encryption the lack of access
control and the ability to take over a
device and send whatever you want to it
so say the person just wants to play the
fishing game without it vibrating but
you can have in my brain while they're
playing the fishing game maybe I would
all like that so so the questions yeah
so back to our initial questions what we
ask is can compromising these devices
lead to sexual assault if security
controls are not implemented and is the
vendor liable for data loss because they
didn't secure the applications properly
and lastly can this information that
stored be considered health information
in some ways and so we want to know what
you think Julie so Julie says yes to all
three I I agree - I agree I don't know
if the law does and that's the assess is
that part because I think if you show
this to any of the Senators at least in
the same they would just throw up in
their mouth I don't know maybe Adam
maybe they're into this some of them it
ask these questions - they are all like
it depends so so there's that so the
future more devices so the Internet of
dongs has a list of device Daleks with
you if you wouldn't believe it that they
need to be looked at and if anyone has
time to take a look at a dog
I suggest hitting hitting their webpage
I think it's Internet of do dot do and
GS so if you are interested developers
should probably be taking this more
seriously because we did try to reach
out and I don't know crickets or maybe
they're busy building another one I
don't know or stealing one I guess I
guess they were trying to so I found
several other devices like this and
applications that almost exactly the
same but with better resolution
so I'd assume that they were stolen I
don't know I'm not a lawyer
I wasn't I didn't create it so who knows
what they were doing and then probably a
Morris focus on security
I guess but on a serious note these
things are where we're headed because
they're pretty common and so brings up
some big questions deep questions about
what can be too much violation all right
and so that's our talk
[Applause]