thanks everybody so this is not my first
time speaking in sec AC nor is it my
first time speaking at Kansa but this is
definitely the largest crowd I've ever
spoke at it hits X 82nd KC so let's hear
for you if I could be with everybody but
everybody Minds name nothing just coming
up with a full coming forward and let's
take a selfie together if you don't want
your picture taken that's fine but if
you wouldn't mind come on everybody now
come forward let's take a picture
alright is everybody in there who wants
to be in there Oh feel free you can put
this off it's good and one let's see
what finger gestures you got 1 2 3
alright thank you very much that's
awesome I appreciate it alright well
while you guys go back so if you guys
are here waiting for a good talk you've
already seen it they call a sec Casey
called me yesterday and asked if I would
talk and I told them that I could put
some crap together I mean so this is
what happened ok well anyway so my name
is bill Swearengen I'm one of the
founders here at SEC AC for those of you
that are new and you stayed I really
appreciate it for those of you that
brought someone new I appreciate even
more I just really want to tell you a
story about guerrilla marketing and I
kind of give a call out to the to the
audience for some help well first I
would tell story
I went tell a story about how this began
so in the beginning I found out about
this conference called compute Midwest
does anybody intended to compute miss
and Midwest anybody did well from what I
understand it was a fantastic conference
and it was held at the Kauffman Center
of Performing Arts and I got really
super jealous that it said compute
Midwest up there and
Casey and so literally the the night
before I I thought this is a solvable
problem
okay so so I can go to compute Midwest
and take over right so my job it was I'm
going to see what I can do to advertise
that Casey I have one of the more larger
computer conferences here in Kansas City
so I came up with an idea so I was going
to attack the Wi-Fi signal and compute
Midwest I mean my idea was that I would
set up a karma box and for those of you
that are not aware of what karma is
karma is a Wi-Fi hacking utility that
when your computer says hey I'm looking
for my home Wi-Fi I am looking for my
home Wi-Fi it says I'm my home Wi-Fi and
unless you join and so that was my idea
was okay I'll set up a karma box and
when anybody who's phone or computer or
whatever was looking they would join my
access point and then I would control
the internet and I would advertise set
KC so that night I I started working and
I said okay I can do this
I got a Raspberry Pi I got a a Wi-Fi
adapter and you know t cheap cable a SD
card put it together it will you know it
worked okay but as I started adding
others 45 bucks yeah it's kind of
expensive but whatever I'm gonna be able
to take over the Wi-Fi at compute
Midwest and easily Wow all my friends
you know be able to tell stories said
Casey so so let's go and then the
morning when I was getting to go I did
and I'm a ticket okay well yeah so ready
as I got this instead I went inside and
I grabbed one of the table tents and I
ripped it in half and put it around my
neck I mean hope for the best and
hopefully that would work as ticket it
did I mean so as as I was as I was there
there joined some coffee
broadcasting to to compute Midwest about
how you should go to set Casey and if
you oh and I kind of forgot to mention
what happens is if you were to join the
access point and then trying to go to
anywhere on the internet I would
intercept your DNS and redirect you to
my web page there for advertising hey
instead of joining you know your Wi-Fi
here you should go to set Casey you know
I had a little ASCII text there that
that said you know a little bit about
set Casey advertised a day the location
canceled hold then who was going to be
promises I forgot to write it in there I
mean you know any kind of code to detect
how many connects so I'm not sure how
many connections there was going to be
but I decided or how many people I
actually got to join I have no idea but
I decided hey this is a great idea
here's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna build
all of these for people who join said
Casey and give them out but so as I
started doing the map here I kind of
came up with it's gonna cost us about
$450,000 to be able to do that for those
of you math majors in here should really
probably recheck that math but but I
decided hey this is an idea worth
exploring we should we should look at
something else so I found this board has
anybody played with the esp8266 at all
I got a couple yeah all right well the
so the interesting thing I don't know is
Mike Lindsey in the hospital so
I am Eric Michael ends they came up to
me in 2015 and said you should check out
the esp8266 and I was like yeah ok
thanks I guess
and now in 2017 I was like oh my god he
has pee 82:6 is the best thing out there
so he's a little 2 years ahead of me but
at some point the esp8266 is it's a very
inexpensive device that was created to
add Wi-Fi to other inexpensive devices
ok I'm so so its sole purpose when it
was created was to add Wi-Fi to a device
however people being very creative some
hackers found out hey this this device
has an SOC on it or a system on a chip
already maybe we can afford we know to
it and maybe we can get it to Reinhard
we don't and sure enough as of right now
the esp8266 is very mature and as a full
stack development stack if you can write
Arduino you can write to the esp8266 and
even better it cost $2 so shout out to
our deaf Colin batch team where are you
guys at let's see your death combat
scenes here they are so
so the DEF CON badges if you guys
haven't seen it I think I saw you guys
were showing them off here a little bit
earlier um the great thing about the
badge is that they use this year is they
used open-source hackable electronics
right so they use the esp8266 Big
Brother the DSP 32 I mean that's what
you know it was the bench to have this
year because told hackable if you
haven't seen it seen to what people have
come up with I'd say you check it out
over here okay so so now I figured out
ok well I know what to do
I'm gonna write new code but instead of
using karma I'm going to use captive
portal this has some some unique
advantages and I'll explain here in a
second um so I called up the greatest
programmer that I know the world's
greatest programmer Brian Geraghty over
there yeah Greg Anderson whatever your
name is Alex whatever and he wrote up
some code on so that when when I deploy
this device is $2 device and someone
connects to it they get a hacker pop-up
which one I know but which one line I
got three of them okay so so right now
what I've got is I've got a $2 device
and that is running a cab but broadcasts
and SSD as you can see in this example
right here I'm broadcasting the the SSID
conference Wi-Fi which happens to be
very popular
and if you join it you'll get a pop-up
then you know kind of advertise sec kc
so I took a little bit further and if
there we go so I took a little bit
further okay so I just need to stay far
away from this if you stay connected um
I feel a little embedded hacking
challenge into them and right now
they're they're right here so this is
one I'm and I'll rebooted it so because
the DSM guys are in it this one's the
other if you haven't seen this when this
one's sight to behold I literally tried
to make it as scary-looking as possible
there's wires coming out of it just a
little bit of dark you know like black
tape just to make it look nasty and then
and then here is one just all by itself
and it just it really just looks like
what I would I showed up there above all
rebooted so right now I'm calling them
conscious yeah so I was trying to like I
literally was like okay I got to come up
with something creative so how many of
you guys remember throw ease from the
past eighteen years ago you'd make a
little led thing and you throw it and
have a magnitude stick and you know that
was pretty awesome
really I think that those were popular
mainly because the name was throw ease
so if anybody has something more
creative I'd sure be interested to hear
so but the interesting thing is I
deployed three of them in interphase how
many people went to interphase
all right look at that did anybody see
the the oh I got one yeah is that why
you came sir you
and by that I made a drink for saying
yes so the best story ever so you know I
tried to go to interface early that
didn't happen so I'm there with you know
that the two hundred people meanwhile I
am literally taping these things to the
bottom of the tables around interface
and someone sits down so those of you
you know she caught me though that one
Tommy yeah
taping those to the underneath of the
tables I've work here is you know what I
miss my child
so I deployed two of those underneath
the table one at the SEC Casey at the
SEC a seafood I mean the SSIDs I tried
were first I tried all three interface
so that was that was the Wi-Fi SSID
there and at the at the conference and
it worked very well and what I found was
that the SS IDs that they had it at at
the conference were much more powerful
than my than my esps and so the the
interface Wi-Fi is nobody was connecting
to emphasize how solve this I teach one
to interface secure one to conference
Wi-Fi and one to interface Wi-Fi and I
got 37 connections yeah I know well so
and I put them on my backpack and as I
walked around so the two SS ideas that I
think that I took that I've put them on
and a black hat Def Con where Def Con
secured and joined for hacking challenge
and I added little beepers to them so if
anybody connected I would get a beep
because they're right right here in my
backpack and a hundred and fourteen
people hoops no one taught me taking
them to this table sorrier than me
headed no not gonna touch it 114
connections at blackhat DEF CON
connected to my to my to my esps so
here's what I want to do I want a
blanket America with these Saints right
right so so to me I think the best thing
that we as a hacking community could do
would be to deploy as many of these as
possible around the Kansas City
community all having the the the set KC
here's some sort of SSID broadcast at
advertised set KC perhaps you know the
next sex a sec KC is you know August 8th
or whatever I'm and deploy them so I
started looking what would it take to do
that it's actually pretty pretty cheap
right so right now I'm using the the we
most d1 mini as I showed up here earlier
that says it's $2 76 cents the reason
why I like this one so any of those of
you that have done you know any kind of
programming with Arduino or even the
esp8266 just connecting to it can be a
real pain in the ass that the d1 mini
really really solves that you literally
just connect to it while with
to be cable and you get a serial
connection it's really easy program
there's a lipo charger and a battery
cost us about 474 so I bought 100 of
them look under your seat so I didn't
have I didn't have enough wood put them
underneath every seat so if you don't
have 100 years just keep looking so this
is actually why I went second because
[Applause]
so so it's true DEFCON style this being
the second see after DEFCON I don't know
they do have 100 of the we most but I
didn't get the lipo chargers or the
batteries in time literally today I work
from home like saying please please come
today
please come today and they didn't come
so I blame China hold on I gotta believe
China here okay
I've lived I have what I need okay so so
I have 100 of these that I that I will
be that are for you okay so they are for
the second sea audience you know I only
have a hundred and so what I'm really
asking is anybody that wasn't do
something awesome either for this
project or set Casey part of you know
just our community do something awesome
right now and you'll get one at the next
set Casey there's a lot of work that I
need on these things so so while I do
have I have developed the base framework
of them it needs a lot of work then the
captive portal I've got three of them
running right now I'm if you do want to
check them out I promise I promise I
made them okay I wrote them they're this
I promise if you connect to them it we
won't do anything malicious I will make
you this promise I mean if anybody was
to hold anybody accountable I'll be
accountable okay so I'm standing in
front of you telling you that if you
want to check them out there they're
completely benign they literally they
won't connect they will show you a
display what whether you saw there I
mean there is a hacking challenge
embedded in them for those of you that
you'll see that there's some problems
with the captive portal I need a little
bit of assistance with that for those of
you that complete the hacking challenge
you'll see that it is pretty trivial
right so there was it was a big step to
get into it and there's some you know
there's some neat things that you can do
in the I've embedded a little bit of
some toys in there but it could do a lot
more so if anybody is interested in
helping writing code for them the codes
on my github
once again I promise if you want that QR
code is legit is online it'll take you
to it'll take you to that github page if
anybody wants to help but it's on my
github the heaven-sent github or you
just search for it and find it there
except pull requests or whatever you got
I'm and that's the end of my talk so I'm
gonna leave it up I'm feel free to do
come and look at them
you know test them play with them
whatever you want I really would
encourage any pull request and my github
page and thank you very much hope you