or proceed outside and send other people
inside we're gonna have our second
presenter who is a first time set Casey
presenter and I am presenting them with
a shot of just bbon because they have no
nasty alcohol but thank you so much for
coming up all the way from wiah going to
be conventing on physical pen testing
this is the techic of trash Panda thank
you very much and if you don't shut the
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up for this presentation I will
have what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what he said thank
you very mucho oh sorry you got to do
shot shot so you can have the sound of
my voice crying to this alcohol is
alcohol thank you so much for the
[Applause]
so I forgot your name what's your name
oh my name is Angel quick intro Angel my
handle be quiet my handle online isone
you can find set KC
Discord thank
you so for the presentation I have
included some slides available as a PDF
the slides do not have video
demonstration content because I don't
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know how to put videos in the
PDF so show the RFC for it and uh yeah I
I'll gladly do that but for now I do
have those slides with those videos
redacted we'll still go through them you
can get qu right there and have a copy
on your phone follow along thank
you quing quing ai ai Big Data thank you
very much um I will leave this up for
probably about the next 10 seconds and
go count the shot is hitting a little
too
early perfect thank
you I see
you awesome welcome to tactics of the
trash Panda TTP is another [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ACC
uh that you can
memorize thank you uh well I haven't got
through the presentation yet but I
appreciate that uh disclaimer here the
following presentation will deal with
security and adjacent topics to security
consequentially some content may be of
adult nature this content is handled in
a professional manner by the presenter
me and I hope you can handle it with
respect as an audience you all have been
pretty respected so far so just keep
doing that you're great additionally
content is provided for educational use
only I take no responsibility for any
action taken by the audience as a result
of this let's behave ourselves and have
some fun
never get out of here that's the
P so let's talk about some of the
problems that come up with physical pen
testing with an increase of tradecraft
you have an increase in cost to develop
and a research that tradecraft uh and
the materials go into that as well there
are some notable names in the industry
that provide this material such as your
hack five your ear sparrows uh type of
gear Etc and sometimes it's even if you
want it and you get it approved Etc and
it fits the scenario you're working you
don't get it because oh manufactur
something of that nature so we have this
concept of Mo tradecraft Mo
Problems so there's also other
restrictions that create additional
problems so you can see the lockpicking
laws here you can talk to the two people
in the back they would know a lot more
about that than I do um you know there's
also uh this this thing that is going on
you flipper owners they're coming for
you uh they're com and take your
flipper
C the Teslas the sdrs are taking
our and also an additional problem of
having your suspicion increased around
you before you reach your objectives of
entering a Target so the abstract for
this presentation is essentially they're
expensive tools and they're cool but
they're often not needed for practical
exploitation of issues having a name
brand or single purpose device can
reduce your pretext and your flexibility
as to saying who you are and why you are
doing X it's funny to have a huge return
investment as well when your tools are
made of everyday items I have had a
client recently tell me oh but you're
sophisticated attackers and you're able
to do this I went back and did part of
bottle they're coming for your plastic
bottles at by ass dude okay so anyways
sometimes you want to feel like Batman
but in reality you should just be a
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] racuna uh you can go through the
trash you can scavenge things and create
your own tools out of everyday items and
garbage so here's our agenda I'm just
going to be talking about who I am how
you present yourself who some adice for
packing my own kit some trade craft and
tooling primer and attempting to
replicate those with our own variants
and we have video demos along the way so
who am I just quickly um I am an infos
doer I never feel comfortable calling
myself a professional I've been being
paid to do this for the past six years
so maybe it's that that point we should
it but who knows I'm a senior hacker at
a place I am a 3D printer Enthusiast I
am trained in multiple disciplines
ranging from net and ABC Physical vul
research um I'm a PR member of DC 316
and occasionally dropping by Aha and a
bunch of other security groups like s
that I'm now been introduced to so thank
you all for the hospitality
[Applause]
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] let's talk about physical
evaluations so they great way to show
the internal network is isn't too hard
to reach a lot of times we put
Protections in place on our email on our
external networks and it can be kind of
a a blind spot we induce on ourselves
because we forget about the physical
aspect of where these servers [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
sit uh there's lots of prep work before
even scoping the place out in person and
there's all the legality and paperwork
if you do this on your own there are
some documents online I believe Dave
Kennedy from trusted SEC has published
his uh papers that he puts out for his
team um after the company that not shall
not be named incident uh I don't know
got whatever um and there's always going
to be a time when you have to generate
pretext out of th air you're not always
going to have repeat scenarios where
you're saying pretext works I'm sorry
that's just how it goes shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up
what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dissing
as what does preparation for a gig tail
so a shitload of paperwork dude so
ignoring the paperwork Logistics and
contracts and all that aside uh
preparation so essentially I have M over
here I'm not going to read it out loud
but you can understand that there's
probably a story behind that
I'm you can't read that okay sorry yeah
yeah okay so essentially you have
sophisticated operation using critical
issues and in the back fat here you have
36 hours of reading getting growth by
the TSA pulling Tre material from a
O plastic
bot so noting your objectives
connections out of office trash
schedules this is just going pointers of
data you would collect this is no by no
means a comprehensive list so definitely
expand this on your own Do Your Own
Thing there are different types of data
to collect for different types of
companies and inst um surveillance
schedules Antics Behavior us company
culture Etc having continuously planning
luck and a lot more reading than you
anticipate so what do you read PRI code
yeah this is great it's like RFC but for
for doors and building it's kind of cool
um some people follow it some people
don't uh so so just be prepared so if
you don't want to read the actual
document there is a great presentation
online over an older revision of the
standard uh that has examples for some
of the important commercial uh building
doors uh you can check there's also ADA
compliance Which online you can find it
it's free um you can take it home the
government knows that I have 3,000 of
these already but it's basically rfc's
for buildings again but just added
compliance measures and part of the
whole under the door tool Spiel and
shtick is this thing right here 34 to 48
in no
comment so let's talk about packing for
pretext um improv class goes a long the
way you don't always need some super
like highly skilled red team operator
course that you pay a crapload of money
for right um sometimes just having the
social aspect gets you into things I
have a story once of how I know I am
going to hell because I social
woman we showed up to the client site
right it's operating hours so we're
going to the back we know the it closet
in the back that's where they told us
it's kind of like a covert for that
location but like all the other people
are in on it right uh they gave us hats
with the company name on there so we
walked in there I had my like full tack
bag I didn't even try to hide anything
dude and we went in there me and my
buddy and we go in we say hey we're here
with X company we're here to look at the
it closet and they said oh it's locked
okay I can show you it's right over here
and I said oh okay we we probably have a
key somewhere around here and I just
like pointed my back and it's all jingle
jangle right um we go to the back and
and I start looking at the door and I'm
like oh they're right behind me um and
she cuts me off and she says oh do you
need a
key I was like yeah that would be that
would be great I'm going to hell
man I would love a key so she says okay
yeah let me get it for you we have a
spare over here I got to take a phone
call I'll be right back so as she's
doing that I have the opportunity to go
ahead and try to shim this door and I
have this tool in my sleeve and I'll
show you pictures of of the tool here
later and I pull it out and I shut the
door I'm fumbling [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around and I
get a shift and I open it doors open
cool we can wire into a backbone Network
and take over an electrical grid that's
awesome she comes back and she says oh
did y'all get it open I said yeah you
know Brian from the office I forgot to
gave me this key and it was buried in my
bag I'm so sorry and yeah we went about
a day and we were hooked into background
Wireless infrastru or uh electrical
infrastructure somewhere
thetion um so talking about pretext so
essentially you have some basic classes
of pretext these are the ones I commonly
use uh there are Blends there are mixes
these don't Define guidelines right uh
you have the authoritative ones which
are normally like your heal desk or your
it person or some sea level that hates
people I don't know uh you have your
Mutual bonding pretext you can light
somebody's cigarette you can say oh hey
yeah I got that door open for you cuz I
I should have here you go uh you can be
the Inquisitor you can be an interviewee
you can be a job candidate you can pull
up on site and say I'm here to shake
somebody's hand and get a job
today or you can be an ignorant end user
I legitimately did like a very old head
uh voice impression this one time over
the phone and I was just like oh no what
am I supposed to open this this Google
Chrome the beach
ball you know so uh play your strengths
right so some people will say oh because
you're this you have better opportunity
social engineer I don't think that way
um it's a opportunity right capitalize
on your strengths understand who you are
understand what you can use to your
advantage game is game if you get in
that's it who cares who who you are I
appreciate
that so a little more on packing for
pretext preparing for multiple pretext
is kind of important uh maybe even
having the capability of swapping your
pretext on site your quick change your
mission impossible type [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] uh there
are treasure TRS of information online
for employees and the drip they wear
right don't impersonate in ways that
will make you catch a f
please even though there's paperwork
it's not always with the right people uh
clothing for archetype covers you can
have your generic you know your heart
hats your compliance gear run the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
into the ground all right if you're a
construction worker and you show up with
a new bright and shiny vest who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
are
you you know like it doesn't help so
just understand have that in your hotel
room have that in your deployment area
so you can uh be ready to go what I like
to do is I like to outline props and
skits uh and think of it in like an
acting class right so you can use your
props to perform your skit with punch
lines as your anchors your anchors can
be your objectives so say in this
scenario we have a tilt board with an
RFID reader inside which is this thing
over here these have a good amount of
space you can put a nice uh low
frequency reader in there that can read
like 10 cm if you amp it up um and you
say okay I have a coffee in my hand and
a hanger Chief right that's your problem
okay so I want to get a clone of this
Birches and badge that's a skin I mix
these up I'll edit that later and one of
the things you can say is like oh dang
could you hold this for me real quick I
just got this Coffey all over my she was
like here you go here you go sir and
they're holding it against their chest
and maybe it's a low frequency maybe
it's a high frequency and it's just
cracking there the whole time maybe you
get a notification on your phone why
however you want but have those
objectives laid out and then think
creatively of how you can achieve those
objectives following those anchors that
way it doesn't feel like mission
impossible it feels like oh these little
flags and I just have to go talk to
silly little people and get them to do
funny little thing um don't worry about
your hotel room search uh normally this
doesn't happen and certain scenarios it
might if it does you probably know it's
coming so prepare um yeah anyways I
appreciate the
advice uh practically practicality
packing have just enough tooling right
you don't want to roll on site in full
tack gear if it's some type of cob
operation if you have a point of contact
and you're there to demonstrate physical
vulnerabilities and it's all authorized
and there there as well
then you can bring a tack bag and your
whole kit and whatever like that's fine
but for cob entry you don't really want
that uh different gos will have
different loadouts raw material has a
lot of use cases you want to take your
wiring your stram your pants we'll get
into details on the parameters for those
here a second plan for failure if you're
caught with xtool out what do you do at
that point if you're caught by somebody
of authority what do you do at that
point um planting your implants leing a
device some pretext I've use are oh I'm
an IT person doing asset tracking and
you know I'm sorry I just had to find
this it didn't show up on our Network so
we got an inventory yet thank you um
uring Z devices are ready for an
upcoming intercom meeting things of that
nature work for that scenario uh
practice your quick deployment right you
don't want to be like fumbling around
with your tools and having things
spilling out and you've got all your
birk tools outside and then the cops are
right there and you're like oh I'm an IT
guy yeah I'm
sorry also uh definitely study up on
what is legal and allowed on your person
in case of EX event if you are somebody
who per se concealed carries a weapon
don't try to break into a building with
a concealed carryer weapon at 3:00 a.m.
okay like just leave it at home I have
to understand that even if I do my job
100% correctly if at 3:00 a.m. I am
caught and I'm shot I'm I'm just going
to say yeah that's that's fair let's you
know like I scared you I
understand so let's go over bit uh
here's my approximate kit this is an
older revision the other the door tool
I've actually swapped out recently for
some upgraded ones uh so I have the
Dillan card which is drip um I have this
m super mic shim it's not the actual
like nrand stuff and we'll get into that
here in a second you use a plastic jum
uh I have the SE tape here I have a u
flashlight I have a yellow highlighter I
have some of the detective poity of
magnets I forgot the name of that I
would know
it okay we I have your traveler pick U I
have the shim tool so this is the one I
had my sleeve when I was breaking to
electri uh we have some double the door
tool double door tools here and then
another door tool klar string we have
our little file here um and most of this
will actually get your TSA no problem
not the UDT they won't because it's a
long one but uh the rest of the kit so
far has been has been pretty fine uh
lockpicks here a small crowbar a small
magnet some bump keys with the bands
gear ties are amazing so shout out Rob
Moore for that uh bobby pins uh usually
you keep those in Your Hair Etc if you
can um so we go here's my continued so
these are some sources for the uh the
kits that I replicated so we have the
mini J Tool and I'll have H uh the
specifications for this later on in the
video from The Humble firefighters so
Shadow it's great debban Alum has some
mods for the UDT so the one I've applied
here is the uh heat shr wrap over this
part for add of friction and then I've
got the Noto civil engineer tools uh
upgrades here so I've got the Kevlar key
back for that uh deployment and I've cut
the notch off top so it can also work
for crash bars which is kind of
important this horse tape I don't know
what to call it whenever like horses do
that ankle wrap or something I buy that
in mold um that one is for round Bops so
you can just tie that to the top of here
and have added friction gaffer tape some
people swear about this I think electric
tapes better in my opinion but whatever
teachs their own and spare super mic
shim
sheets so this is the more electronic
side of my kit uh some of this won't
pass through TSA I've lost two of these
so far
they're $120 what is
that LE the leather like the one with
the sh
tools yeah yeah God they'll steal them
yeah dude but you could buy them
actually at your local uh your local
government areas where they they do sell
um at least when I was in Austin I would
buy the ones that uh the TSA in Texas
would reclaim and you could just buy Lea
for like four bucks like it's it's crazy
so anyways uh what I have ch here flash
drive cables for all the gadgets
ethernet star your tape your spare wire
your 3mm wire Etc uh in the rest of this
talk we'll cover physical entry device
for wire chaps and wireless valuations
so as you can see here a lot of these
things you might know already some you
may not know it um this is a prox smart
3 I do uh have the the paid one the one
I spent money for because it's cool for
research uh Wireless car that supports
packet injection and all that good stuff
these tiny Arduino malos and we'll get
into the details of all this later but
this is our gadgets and Gizmo section
so talking about under the door tool
options normally your stock under the
door tool from sa Sparrow is going to be
42 in in length to meet that ADA
compliance but there are some mods I do
to it so first I infer this area and
this is spring steel it's very important
that if you're buying it under the door
tool it should be spring steel otherwise
just make your own out of other
materials so you have your standard ones
which are going to be spring steel high
carbon at 1/4 38 in that's very good it
cost you about $40 it's foldable it last
long you have to do some mods but it's
it's great it works you know out of the
box uh Z rods at Minards only trust
these once they're not great for folding
they're not great for concealment but
they'll work I tried to conceal one once
and I was just walking around like this
and you know it wasn't a good time uh so
other metals try it and share I mean
like who knows what else works better
Etc I haven't tried this with titanium
that might be something to try next your
budget or low profile ones these come
from directly from NATO civil engineer
he has some great examples um I
definitely suggest you check out his
video series because it is very
comprehensive on all the modifications
for different door knobs and different
scenarios uh but your budget one is
going to be out of copper tubing quarter
inch frame wire tape you get three for
about $30 and these you can't really
easily substitute the Kevlar for for the
steel cable uh but that essentially
makes this kind of uh nice low profile
cheap under the door tool that I will
unur awkwardly
here yay w
whoa
who so this turn to the handle yeah so
essentially if you have like a hook
handle a lever type handle you can set
this slide it under the door and then
you're able to pull this
side you're able to try to pull this
side and close this so the handle gets
pulled from the other side of the door
it's kind of mindblowing TV that we have
our whole like Society based on this but
yeah it's kind of like a dog catcher you
know dog catcher catch the dogs right
there um so yeah that's something to do
here's my uh here's my kind of not
everyday carry but my standard overt
compromise one that has a gear tie on it
so this one this is spring steel so it
holds its shape very well if I were to
come up here and unfurl
this un that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
uning yeah look how all reted shapes
so yeah so that's a great one um and
being able to you know uh fold that back
down and go about your days is great so
just keep these things in mind you're
not always going to have one tool for
every job and yeah let's continue also
these are I built the copper one like
the night before last night went to
Menards and like dude like this is crazy
copper going out in price I used to
scrap that a bunch and sell it but so
here's kind of the mods I made a closeup
of it I made that Notch that uh NATO
civil engineer has made so essentially
you want to have kind of a ble down here
so you can catch behind the crash bar
and then have the string apply uh
tension and force onto the crash bar you
only need about like what is it like
five the 15 lbs of force around there
unless it's a really shitty crash bar
and R you into an abandoned place um
here's picture that
one let's talk about shims shims shim
shim shims they're great they're good uh
super mic shims they're suspicious they
can be bought in bulk I recommend the
about 10 to 15 mil range for these myar
stencil sheets I actually have a goodie
bag up here for people I don't know how
to distribute these I definitely did not
pack it enough for all of you so
apologies but these goodie bags do have
some scrap in here so you can make your
own lying tools with these uh so yeah
let's talk about these uh you should
only attempt to supplement uh use these
to supplement the length of shorter
cards so Dylan's card for instance um
it's not always going to be able to
reach certain scenarios you may want the
super mic shim f it up in your wallet
for a good measure your dillan's card is
free it saves you money in the long term
and the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] people going to accuse you
of saving money you have a dillan's card
like who cares the thickness of material
is very flexible yet solid enough to go
loing
what here we have a Dyan here okay any
any [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Store card membership card
uh somebody try it with a Costco card
and let me know how it goes all right
cool anyways uh you can use laminated
paper and this T Works it's flimsy at
time and it's depending
uh on the area of the paper having
construction paper helps supplement that
thickness and this probably means you
didn't so here's an example that I have
um this shim this plate this anti- shim
plate do you think it protects this door
if the latch is improperly configured
take off the yeah you could okay so so
don't without destructing things on the
building
do you think it will
work no it doesn't okay yeah perfect so
essentially you can cut these shins to
have different shapes the recommended
shape is essentially this is facing the
way you want to go into the door so you
have this attach the bevel of that
little little lock thing of that latch
um you can have this for these hotel or
bathroom style locks um there are other
you know types of cuts you can make for
different scenarios but yeah that's
that's the gist of it uh I recommend 10
to 16 mil thickness for best
results I have this video oh okay okay
so here's an example of me just going
and
shimming so you can see here I'm using
Starbucks cards these are pretty good as
well um this one has no notches in it so
I'm just going in there and flexing it
to push the plunger out and then once
I've done that you can see that it's out
yipp let's talk about strs and cordage
steel cable tear [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up dude
if it's coated or shielded you have to
expect to every use otherwise you will
tear up a client door and it will be a
painty ass to explain all right you will
cause that damage to their property and
it's not going to look good if you're a
consultant um rigidity is increased and
this increases uh the space it takes up
so as far as folding it up it has to go
in a type of foil you can't really fold
it now putting shoelaces Etc you really
just wouldn't feel right there um and
it's difficult to cut without your B
your tools or your pliers I recommend
Kevlar rip it's more forgiving though
it's easier to cut your small size has
good strength so 1.1 mm diameter rated
for 200 lb of force limit the downside
is it's heat resistance uh to prevent
fraying you have to use resin so you
can't just burn the end of nylon rope
like you normally would you have to use
some type of epoxy or resin on that to
make sure it doesn't pray on its own
seam stress tape is great some people
use 35 mm film canisters that's fine but
this can be used in place of film over
doors to get handles from the upside so
kind of the opposite way of the under
the door tool functioning um this has
low friction despited surface area it's
difficult to tie to objects that's the
thing you have to know how to tie knots
if you use it for an under door tool
Stream So talking about more Portage we
already talked about 35 mm roll there is
a lockpicking lawyer demo where the all
to uh go ahead and get that film to open
up the door from the inside out so so
this is kind of a casual object to have
on yourself that's cool gear ties uh
they're not a substitution more for
breaching they're more so for collecting
your your tools and having them all tidy
um you could probably buy a long one but
I why not just use wire at that point if
you going to use it for 3 page so
talking about wire for electrical your
doino style dupon connectors are good I
use these for Sero connections with my
flipper to Pro myet before I go inside
that way you don't have to boot up a hot
spot or have an extra router so you can
uh justs each can fix um have some pairs
of alligator crimps just in case
physical tooling 2 mm thick wire apply
ping we dising spark wire real estate
science your fence wire these will work
great let's talk about pcks lock picks
are not always accessible some states
take them some countries will not allow
them at all uh these come in many shapes
and sizes your spring steel and high
quality ones are good um generally I've
purchased some from AliExpress that are
like $7 kits that I've had for like the
past 3 years and they haven't broken on
me yet so I don't know depends on the
lock I'm not good at lock picking so
definitely just understand that uh it's
a range skill you can also have bobby
pins or windshield wipers there's
sometimes not heat treating required I
recommend Heat Treating the windshield
wipers if you're using them as the
tension wrenches uh but yeah generally
you just need pliers to make sure
they're in in good shape so what I mean
by that is your bobby pin you'll
sometimes have the ends have these
little bolts which don't really help so
you just cut those off when you cut
those up try to file them down on the
pavement or some type of light sandpaper
so you don't cut yourself you're so
skilled I I try but no it's not a
lot um so when you're cutting these
windshield wipers your tension ranches
Etc um you know go to O'Reilly after a
rainy day I I assume you all have
O'Reilly here right yeah okay okay yeah
let's give it up for
oil um so yeah you want to prepare your
pasta here um and then you want to get
it ready and you want to have actually
heat treat it you want to hit it with
flow torch and then you want to quench
it in either water or use motor coil my
metal allergy is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but who cares it
works right U then you can take a Dremel
and just kind of file these down you can
do this with a rat tail P but Dremel is
faster so just keep that in mind um this
is about 1 mm I think that's too thin 2
mm seems to be kind of The Sweet Spot
for that that little bridging area
before you get to the pig
part also there are very thickness on
these so you may have to sand down the
sides um there's also these wires that
you can use uh I I don't use these but
you know if that's a pre text you can
use you want to use Try It Out Try It
Out I guess yeah I hope I remember this
uh the slides are available I'll I'll
show that QR code at the end so you can
get the PDF slides let's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
goel talking about Keys a key duplicator
is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nice cuz you can just go to
eBay and like buy one of keys and then
be the source of all your friends
getting their default or common Keys
these common Keys like your ch751
do come on key rings and lock Pickers
lock smiths will sell these online and
say oh here's your common default key
rings for office cabinets Etc um and you
buy one of those and just duplicate the
hell out of them so this requires a
working key unless you have like a 5
access CNC machine or an actual key
cutting machine uh they are very easy to
use though and you can uh have those pre
manufactured keychains to ship To You O
Oak City Lockport does have a a keychain
of
Doom
video check the cable check the cable
okay we good
enough
okay uh talking about Keys continued so
common keys are good to have bump Keys
bump keys are the set keys with h pins
all at one certain position for the sole
purpose of you slapping the Sho out of
it with some type of hammer um the
buffer ring is nice to have repeated
attempts it's kind of like a physical
form of buzzing if you do B research on
the little stuff I use the goat banding
times to castrate goats uh but for bump
keys so you can just buy those packs and
you don't have to buy any like hacker
bumpy Rings or anything like that so
instead of goat rope it's goat Rings
yeah so a go see it's go
R so your Hammer can be a variety of
things stiffness is usually better
energy transfer but at the add of cost
mind and yeah so here's here's a little
so here we have a lock here we have a
key it opens right that's how lock what
if you don't have the
key right well we have this Bum Key with
a little goat banding thing and it's the
goat banding thing is unused by the way
anymore
I um so yeah this one's pretty torn up I
have a bunch of Replacements here if you
want to check that out so there is
narration in the video but I'm silencing
it cuz I hate the sound of my own voice
but whatever so as you can see here
we're going to go through and this B
this uh little ring allows the key to
actuate back every time you hit it in
it's going to actuate back a little bit
to try to get those pins into position
so I'm going to hit it with a btom
screwdriver and the out on here you hear
like a think right like kind of a Lou
thing it takes a few hits and then very
light tension on it and it opens with
that
dkey yeah yeah I
mean's a lot of other things you keep
but let's see is this the second video
what's what a
video Let's see okay the second video
demo so I don't know might get okay so
in this video
demo uh I think it was midnight and I
had 3D printed a a fall device so was
hot off the
and uh this was the Free bottle all
right I didn't want to pay like $2 for
an STL okay so you want to go as goofy
as possible with it so this one is
printed out of Asa plastic it's very
rigid so a couple bumps here and boom
it's open they've done
that very rigid I think that's it job
yeah that's that's that's its job right
but it's a lot better in my opinion than
so FL you put that in cool bag I would
anybody yeah I actually I actually ran
into somebody from high school when I
went to purchase that so uh but whatever
so if anybody would like to try that and
show me bumping open uh a lock I don't
have the lock with me but bumping open I
have bump Keys uh the lock with the
silicone one then I would love to see
that let me know that that would be
issue one yeah so I really tried on this
silicon one it was not the move for me
at the time I think with more skill more
practice I would become decent and and
it would work supposed to use so
normally I wouldn't experiment with like
your polyurethan ones right now but like
anything rigid you can even use your
phone if you want to but the thing is
what's the benefit about using a Fout
device in the scenario because if I'm
out here at 3: a.m. and I'm bumping the
law on a door over here say and then an
officer shines his light on me and I'm
going oh ding ding ding ding I say oh
hey officer I'm meeting bump shot okay
like that's that's that's what's
happening okay if I am pounding on a
door with this and I start breaking down
and crying and going I'm so
sorry my boyfriend and I just broke up
and we've been together for seven years
it's disarming the situation in a way
that it's disarming the situation in a
way that won't get you killed or get you
just instantly dismissed sometimes so
you have the art of escalating things
and de-escalating things but there's the
art of perversion which sends this in a
sidetracked manner that people are not
prepared to deal with you can deal with
people's psyche in that manner and
something they don't have experience
with all the time every day right
because if you're a threat if you have a
bump hammer or something of that nature
to break in they know how to deal with
you there should hopefully at least be a
protocol to deal with this type of
attack or an evader so they will execute
that protocol you can also use vibrators
or pumpkin carbers these are noisier
they have power requirements they have a
Time requirement to try to go ahead and
pick that lock you pumpkin car yeah
pumpkin carbers you're oscillating
pumpkin carbers yeah yeah you just go
there and you tap the a to it and you
just have tension on it and it'll just
go and it'll bump a thousand times yeah
no you're good
[Applause]
about
propan oh yeah I mean you could I mean
at that point if you have a prop canv
you know like wir to the door and like
stand 300 ft back
but so let's talk about crash car hooks
or your kind of dou door tooling
sparrows one is kind of bulky if you do
buy The Sparrows one I actually have it
here with me tonight I can show you all
later Etc but uh cut the rubber on the
on the front of it there's going to be a
rubber tip you want to get that of and
adds just extra need I say C to it and U
it makes it hard to squeeze into tighter
doors so um if you want to make your own
I recommend titanium bars if you can get
them from online Amazon has a bunch you
can buy them through 20in bars uh your
realtor signs have wire frames they're
going to be like steel I don't think
they're they're not spring steel they're
like this like weird candy easy to B
Steel
that can be used your certain hangers uh
will have enough metal to do this this
was my feeble attempt at making a double
started and here's what we end up with
so we have Kevlar string reinforcing
this this uh Gap right here I have some
gapper tape on this side and this is all
folded inward to try to get that for
reference this double door tool will
support 20 lbs until it starts vending
uh this one will support like five so
just just be aware of what you're
working
with talking about your double door tool
J Tool and specifications this is from
the um firefighter she has a bunch of
great videos she also has a video going
over her larger Tool uh this one
specifically you can see the
specifications here one in 5 in 6 in 8
in cool uh 3mm titanium rods are great
you can heat red bend it and then air
cool it or sand crunch it uh it's very
important that you sand quench or that
you air dry uh air dry air cool them um
just so they don't become very BR
brittle 3 mm steel is great too you heat
red bend it punch it in water use motor
oil and then you're good to go now this
example right here is something that is
susceptible to a double door tool double
door tool attack you can hit this little
Pudo crash bar what I call it and you
can just actuate it from the outside in
but more importantly what's not pictured
in the contest of this of this picture
is you can walk 5T around shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
up thank you thank you you can walk 5T
around and there's an open door to the
area this is protecting even though this
is long so just you know check the easy
ship first
right figh uh so okay um I'm just going
it the not going through to the people
in back they have no idea about this
joke so this is a titanium rod as you
can see here I've got a blow torch
wow so much heat
we we just going until it's red we're
bending it slowly with titanium keep in
mind there is a spring back factor for
that alloy so when you bend it it's
going to spring back a little bit so you
want to bend it a bit steeper than what
you wanted that so if you want 90° you
know do do a little
morei
yipp this is the point are you breaking
the door I'm sorry oh no you're good uh
this is yeah so this is this is the
breaking into the door essentially you
stick this through you'll stick this
through uh this this little wedge or
this little Gap area and you'll actuate
that inside crash bar from the outside
oh cuz the crash bar goes over the Gap
yeah well the crash bar doesn't go it it
is the latch right so the crash bar
dictates oh if this is opening from the
inside because of fire compliance you
have to be able to like slap that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
open and run outside right so yeah
that's that's kind of how it
works what
did I didn't come up with it I I can
just read
dude
um well yeah I mean just like asking
asking a bunch of questions that's how
you you find out right so talking about
forensic tools finding keypad touches
this is something that I've seen online
a lot you can dust and react that with
an ultraviolet light you can also pay
1337 for this dust it doesn't even get
you high wow you paid $13 like cool
whatever um you can use suus based
powder so Trad ially I use baking powder
but it's very hard to spot in certain
scenarios because the granules are
actually pretty big compared to other
Alternatives uh these stick to oil
easily you can use honey dust which I
actually had Budd bring this out to me
today who's helping me with the
presentation Etc so this is K Sutra
they're not paying me for this but kamra
brand honey dust if you want to come up
here and like feel it after and see how
fine of a powder that is then you can
but essentially that will pick up oil
that's on surfaces very easily uh corn
starch baking powder P sugar while
you're baking that's not really
suspicious right like who cares what
percent of your K is from a
[Music]
climbing is this your alternative
career it's my main career I mean a sex
shop oh I mean yeah I guess well no cuz
there's a lot of Licensing involved in
Kansas and Texas in Texas there's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
law that if you own six or more dildos
that's it
buddy you somebody need somebody needs
to make a sticker that says come and
take it and it's just like a bad Dragon
printed dildo or
something but as you can see here so you
want to have a very light applicator you
want to have like a blush applicator or
a feather duster I'm using a sponge
because it's what I had around I don't
wear a lot of makeup it's not anymore
and uh there's baking powder here that I
got and this is our pseudo surface that
we touched right so we're going to say
okay I want to go in and just print on
this to find out what was what was
touched so this first uh this first
touch is going to be very heavy so it's
kind of like cheating right and this is
brass this is very clean brass so these
are like Optimal conditions it does get
harder from here and you can already see
the fingerprint right this is on record
by the way now the whole internet has
like my my finger for that finger like R
um so you can see there we've got that
set up and I'm going to go ahead and
just throw this dust on it you can you
know do the blow approach where you just
whatever uh going to convince you to do
something whatever um and you can see
that the does kind of Aggregates around
the areas after I after I dump it a
little bit just going to dump it here
this is baking
powder so you can see here where these
line up and you can see the fingerprints
a little more clearly on where they're
collecting so we have one here if I stop
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] moving it thanks oh okay uh but
you can see where I'm pointing them out
put put a little more dust on the areas
that need more
application and you can see those
fingerprint outlines a bit more clear
now granted you do want to get honey
dust these are normally available at sex
shops they are not available at the
unfortunate so this attempt uses neon
us
yeah right so I have the ultra light
there U you want to use a yellow
highlighter and this is basically me
prepping the surface right you're kind
of rigging a trap it's different from
the last one and you can see how it
light and now essentially if I press
these they're going to clearly
appear and leave OD and you can see
those outlines of where I pressed so
keep this in mind with keypads you may
have the time uh and energy to break
things up for a more successful
attempt thank
you uh okay door alarms are are cool um
I recommend K&amp;J magnetics this is
recommended me by colleague um they're
very cool door alarms function off of
some re switches that you can bypass if
you have their Roy tools so I will give
a little disclaimer on this slide this
uh this door alarm is very cheap and it
actually does doesn't care what polarity
you match up and it will just take a
magnet on there so you essentially have
the sensor you're checking out the
polarities and you want to replicate
that polarity um towards the alarm side
right normally uh this is placed on your
doors this is placed on your door frames
you may see variations depending on
battery power versus wired Etc so I'll
turn the sound on for this one uh please
very
just so the concept in theory is to get
a magnet between there and there you go
you have it set
up tape Etc and then you're good don't
have to
worry mind that have and then if we go
ahead and remove it then you could turn
this the right
way get this far
enough and it starts going off so that's
another thing too is you'll encounter
doors that have very slim gaps between
these you can use an air wedge to go
between those gaps and expand that gap
for a small pry bar please don't carry
actual like pry bars on the gig I have a
small keychain one if that works cool if
not use an air wedge don't use a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
um oh gosh so talking about hi this is
not my area of expertise I mean like
none of this is area of expertise I just
like am decent had some of it um so RFID
locks um they come in a couple different
shapes or a bunch of different shapes SI
mainly you'll be looking at two
different protocols or two different
frequencies your 13.56 MHz Shields which
these are your high frequency uh your
125 khz Shield which are low frequency
and replicating you know your clipp Z
your pro Mark all that you can use Aro
components and as long as the support is
there for the hardware to be able to
negotiate with the protocol on the the
card then you're good um and you can do
your dictionary based taxs Etc there's
an Android app M keys that allows you to
do dictionary based attacks on the my uh
1K keys so like Hotel cards uh or a lot
of common Hotel cards so this is subject
I'm not very good at but cards are weird
you can also buy little rigs on eBay for
pretty cheap that are readers and have
those uh go through wire those up to
whatever rig you have a Raspberry Pi Etc
these readers are nice to have you can
come up to have longer range the antenna
is already made um there are some videos
on great Scott's Channel over making
coils that perform better from these
eBay ones check about disguises
Goodwills drift uh some of your swag can
be ordered so Walmart West Etc lanyards
card holders have all those if you have
a type of photo ID or lanyard and your
pretex is aged you want to have that
smudge to put a Sharpie or something of
that nature so it looks like you've been
there a lot uh I've been there for a
while if you wear high vist run that
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to the ground wear boots Etc um
I've been recommended Z Inc printers
instead of this because the rolls of ink
or the rolls for this are about $70 and
I picked this up on eBay for $70 so Z
Inc is something that is is something
I'm looking into acquiring for better
pretex development and they
smaller talk about your implants your
usb hid implants you have your digispark
$1 bad USBS which I have a bunch of
these uh they're great if you just want
hid attacks I don't feel bad about
leaving these in the client's computer
it's cool it's whatever I didn't drop a
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] $80 raspberry pie uh you also
have the Malino Le there are some uh
other devices that uh Luca has made from
uh the weed injector series and you know
weigh the weigh the scenario if you need
um hid attacks Etc that's how you need
to use it um kind of going up in the
skill you have your Pai aloa which is
kind of an older project at this point
but this essentially was at the time
like a huge advancement over the rubber
ducky I mean like cool rubber duckies
whatever uh this turned your raspberry
pi0w into like a fully working ducky
with the ability to bridge air gap
networks so it it has some cool
capabilities and of course the codee's
online you can edit it you can
contribute you can change it however you
want the pi02 W is out Alternatives may
work but you want to check the hardware
support first
um for instance I will buy the where are
these I'm skipping a slide so these um
orange my zeros Etc I will buy these and
then wait for Army and support I'm not
running their chinesium on client
networks um so essentially you also have
the Logitech dongles which this is
something I stumbled on uh more recently
and need to De for but essentially
taking these Logitech dongles for your
normal mice and keyboard connections you
can just wire them into a USB cable and
have a lower quality OMG cable type
device so these are uh your Logitech
dles aren't really offset friendly due
to the pl text injection of that library
that can't change without support from
the community if you use a r piw can
jooin all these into a USB port um it
might be different on the pi02 W now but
if you're using the pi0w the first one
then yeah it's the same oh it's the same
okay cools are the same okay yeah yeah
so can join those if you if you want
just the thing you can plug in with one
USB port have it be powered and working
Etc network monior network Taps I have
your normal Pi 03s your orange pies um
you want to Spook your mat to normally
match vendors on the network or oi
you've seen so Macs printers phones or
vo whatever um you can add your GPO
buttons as you see fit so you can have
it so you can plug it in you say Okay I
want to start capturing packets now um
sometimes people use the passive
monitoring Network Taps like these the
only problem with these is they do
downgrade the speed to 100 megabits per
second so and that's because they're
they're not powered so if you do want to
have a type of listening tap you can
just buy a manage switch that supports
mirroring and make sure it's gigit and
that should work so talking about xill
method so this is my my spread my money
spread right this is at certain point in
time this is like $300 worth of sbcs but
so with xill methods you know DNS
tunneling now is kind of an older one
but it still works on most networks um
your lazy thread actors may use engro
cloud FL tunnels or FR FRP you can
purchase or wi in wireing an LTE tap to
achieve your cellular network
connectivity so I can text my implant um
powerless Taps are errorr so of course
that's that signal degradation that we
talked about and also you you have no
idea if you're going to fry something uh
if you get like one of those Poe plus
type of things I haven't tried that
personally I've tried with Poe it works
and nothing will fr but I can't tell you
it's safe if you go higher in volage
your ambage so normally you have your
network tab here right which is your
dualcom and oh my gosh $230 right that's
a lot of beer uh but yeah or you just
spend 26 bucks and have the
same talking about Wireless uh stop
using pineapples I say this cuz recently
a pineapple failed me on an engagement
and it was like Mission critical so I
was just really pissed I was able to fix
and recover uh but like just learn TCP
dump and aircraft site and knowing like
what the protocol does um yeah don't
trust things that are only have a UI and
they're like oh yeah you can pop a turn
off you want so Linux plus better plus
your 5 gz card with injection SN KS
Pachi does a lot of this already poni
just remember to turn off the Telemetry
by default the Telemetry doesn't give
off a lot of information but it's still
you know just weird to have you yourself
announced so yeah try the poni out it's
a plug andplay thing you can image to ra
High uh bik you if I recall correctly it
does use all the network cards on the
device so if you have your 5 gz card
plugged in ETC it just adds that to
better cap goes um so do your research
on what cards you need and take full
vcaps during your Wireless at
toades to by Wireless here's a chimp
antenna um here's an outline for yagi
'll specifications made from this book
there are online calculators as well if
you want to change parameters and uh
frequencies so this is a big resource
dump um there is the pH
physical security Village from Devcon
they have bypass games online so you can
kind of get a pseudo visual
representation of how to game a lot of
these systems you can Loy on there I
definitely recommend checking out these
YouTube channels and playlists uh good
amount of stuff there these this slide
should be on the QR code as
well so the takeaways from this are be
resourceful uh you want to become
ungovernable really um if a client tells
you like hey only sophisticated for can
do that we don't have any Lo I'm here
besides you guys go and shim their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
with a plastic bottle and watch their
face um once You' learned a concept go
back and do it with [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your tools for
fun make it harder [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] grow right uh
repeat it until you can do with as
minimal supplies as possible you can do
uh what I want to do is have like a
speedrun type leaderboard where it's
like the sex shop challenge where we
have ranks for every geographic location
and have different uh you know like oh I
was able to build these tools with
supplies from these shops and have
categories for that but uh stay out of
trouble and you can also join the dc36
server this is a local deathcon chapter
not know which to uh we're kind of
active online we're more active in
person we have monthly meetups L FR
every month uh check that out also check
out ozc it's a security conference I
help organize I run CTS I'm kind of a
game master for that uh that happens
once a year in which this year we're
looking at doing a two-day conference so
that's one day um supposedly with
presentation and one day with work shops
and hopefully if I get everything
together we'll have a physical security
Workshop where you can come and demo
these
things um and yeah that's that's the
whole presentation and I've got I've got
some goodie bags to hand out I don't
know how we should distribute these
um Can may I please have one yeah yeah
okay yeah sure that works so here you go
so that has a that has your windshield
wiper blade and and plastic shims so uh
yeah actually we come up and if you know
if we run out like it's trash like are
you mad that you didn't get trash like
a ready ask the bartender for any empty
2
lers but yeah that's the talk thank you
everybody for your hospitality and your
time uh I really appreciate it youall
have a great crowd a bunch to talk to so
you