I do when I thanks office have fun for
giving me the opportunity to go after em
here so when I was looking I mentioned
earlier to see when it's very difficult
hibits me to talk with the dawn's so
impeccably going into a real quick I'm
awaiting your drink on the info say
punishment I don't know some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] has
been asking months to give this talk on
so here we go so I am a spin Ariel a
long time let's slide out Bobby oh so I
was just a little bit about me I'm your
maker cocoa those they were soon you're
hollering probably work at the same
place so so so really I really do work
with some pretty guys our team is our
job is discovered understandably as
Brett's in order to prevent them from
liberty to discuss so I've been involved
with the hackerspace I love seeing some
black face guys here tonight im
co-founder sexy and and I pretty well
pipe right but really really what it
boils actors i really like trading I'm
hackers how to hack ok maybe because it
keeps me at atomic you guys are having
that usually good for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so um trendy
can read that vector but I've never been
a box to see it but I know someone has
gone wrong ok so my assumptions about
you ok really who this lockers for is
it's really who this talk is horse
people are trying to break into infosec
I know most of people here already in it
so this is talk baby out for you what a
who are trying to talk to as for those
people that are ready to make the step
go for my tea you know and get into the
infosec side updating those that are
already in and you can get a little bit
of something but that's my target
audiences today so let's talk about what
is infosec and this is actually a big
question you're such a simple slide but
it quite it's pretty big so let me just
start down you know where you at i sold
this side from that guy right there so
don't you know don't think I booked us
together so infosec is huge there's
there's lots of areas that you cannot
get into with it the second it really is
important right now you identify what do
I want to get into all right I'm going
to go through these real quick and I'm
going to talk about the different areas
of it infosec but before you jump your
career in infosec I really want you to
think about what is it that I want to
get you again what is it a really
interesting we can go there so security
systems admin engineering these are our
thermal systems policy designed security
information event management so these
are basically the system's the admins
and engineering around how do we get the
intelligence that we need to protect our
environment right so think about the
security appliances are IPS or web proxy
the field interweb somebody needs to be
in engineering how these are deployed
are they in the right area right are
they running to current the right policy
are they detecting the things that they
need to detect security governance this
is the Playboy section of security okay
these are the people that are more
interesting than anybody these are the
people displaying our policies and our
theaters right so security risk
governance making sure that people you
know follow our policies on making sure
that we have they were prepared for
disasters and then we are making sure
that our employees understanding when
they click on that think they're
actually not going to get really
involved okay
risk mitigation for price so I kind of
loved a lot in two sections of I
apologize but but if you take a look at
compliance ease my superior making sure
that be we are reading the letter of the
law for different regulatory compliance
regulations talk about that but risk
assessments right making sure that our
that we have 0 matrix handle exceptions
right be as security people just can't
say no that's on her job as I said you
know you need a way to understand okay
the answer it has two PS work around
that right penetration testing motor
ability assessment I already mentioned
regulatory compliance but you know this
is a going through making sure that work
that we're being a lot of that on it so
thread and exploit management making
sure that we understand what are the
threats are facing us do we care about
Pilatus ssl thread right do how does it
impact our environment and what how
should we we mitigate that that issue
and importantly is it in management
making sure that we're ready once once
we are reading you know the soon bridge
right make sure that we're ready we have
to get a team we have the capability and
we have two procedures respond that
instead of containing it and get
ourselves back to the normal state of
operation so okay I know that that was a
time to get through and I apologize by
the way I do understand that this is
probably not one of the more
entertaining especially after welcomes
us off but I so now let me know what we
want to do right I mean maybe we don't
get we could talk about that later but
how did he get oh it is actually pretty
easy right so you don't need to sit back
and think about how we get
going to go you just don't go you know
if you want to travel for a bit for
example you just don't hop on I'm going
to go you need to prepare a little bit
think about what am I going to need it
what am I going to need in my back
pocket in there what are the things they
need to get there and that's really what
we do so first let's develop to elevator
pitches and and really it's this simple
and pretty young rising I just wanted to
get into the input set consider this is
where you start 71 develop to elevate
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] if I said if you come up to me
and say bill I want to get it an infosec
I'm going to ask you number one what do
you do right now stump and to who you
want to be all right so it's so bad
earlier we mentioned here at the
different areas a business said I want
to know what are you doing right now and
I want to know where do you want to be
so second take that second the second
elevator pitch and identify the skills
required to be an expert in that area
okay along the way ask for help look
around you they're in resort 50 people
in this room that are probably and
someone in here is probably can we
detect that what you want to do who talk
to that person move in here and you know
as a shorthand I want you look around
who in here raise your hand if you are
not willing to talk to somebody give
advice
I'm serious so number you need to
identify those skills that it takes to
become an expert sit back and thing if I
was going to be an expert in this field
what are those skills I need all right
so i'm going to put down some things at
the penetration tester and just just
brain mapping what are some of the
things that I need to do to get those
skills right so number one I'm going to
need myself I'm going to need a
target-rich environment something that I
can act if you come at me saying I want
to penetrate be a penetration tester i'm
going to say talk about this is packed
and if you say to me but I'm really act
anything I want to become a penetration
tester so i can add things i'm going to
say it look right get yourself a target
rich environment there is so this is a
brilliant time in age to be to be a part
of information security right there is
so much available to us right now then
you know that was never available to
like our parents generation right get it
go to call it you've had this study
right now we have if you want to go have
a system you can either use systems like
show in or you can build your own really
use system place again they're hilarious
laughs okay Hey Joe can I i I'm you show
me a Hagmann okay I'm sorry yes I took
you can get a new demo systems i may not
give it a feel where these but there are
systems like lettuce portable TV ll let
these systems are purpose-built to be
hacked hey metal is an operating system
built to be hacked dbls is a datum
vulnerable ways guess what is built to
do right web code is a web application
is terrible right you know download
these things can happen right set to go
get yourself some industry standard
tools Nessus in map metasploit
can keep going and go have that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you
know don't scale it go figure it out and
have it all right if you haven't seen
the OS Alton burrito create them again
and I go tan go back and hacked up and
take a look how do i how i can get that
stuff right well while you're going make
sure you're understanding exactly what
you're doing right you're building those
skills okay you want to go into us into
an interview you want to sit down and
wait bill says talking about the system
can hack you know what in my job right
now I work for they'll does I don't have
access to access them so here's what
I've done I built target rich
environment my house I'm used to tools
that downloaded like Nessus it back
metasploit I have found one abilities
and in that environment I've had them I
seen SQL injection I've seen cross-site
scripting right and here's some of the
output that I found out me did i hack it
yes sir I do that then the question from
non-human back there was how much does
it cost to do this cause nothing but
time right you know that's all you have
if you come to me you say I don't have
enough time that I'm going to tell you
you're not dedicated all right all it
takes is some time it don't tell me you
know all the things of the system with
with VMware and all the other virtual
services are out there you can you get a
slippery there we go virtualbox now you
can get three virtual box of you is all
for free but along the way make sure
you're doing this in with you can
present this as evidence okay make sure
its purpose and what does that mean that
he's you're doing it for a reason okay
don't just go home an axe up do go
command except to learn make sure it's
required all right and what I mean by
that is I make sure that you're able to
repeat that right so don't you go it
downloads and exploit from the internet
you know you may or may not know exactly
what it's split sleep explain how I made
it up with that with that explict go to
explain when you ran it what you did I'm
in measure you document the output
because someone might be busy i will
show you too many I'm gonna do right so
and also make sure that like dough
okay and friends don't let friends I
upon don't just said you know get it to
let go hack that don't do that
interesting what the vulnerability is to
find an x-ray it's an easy to like
pedestal eight actually go ahead
excellent so the third so I'm going to
go back up a little bit second identify
the skills required to become an expert
espanola way too long monoxide apologize
third prioritize no tangle skills okay
so what that means is we identify the
skills if you think and expertise to
have we're going to prioritize taking
skills so it only takes 20 hours to
learn a new skill and look at this this
is an actual learning curve and if you
take a look at it it makes sense here's
a missionary turn is departing so the
way our brain works is if we we learn
very quick on the learning curve and
then over time it has been become an
expert it really does slow if you take a
look at language language you only have
to know 80 of the of the most common
phrases to be fluid complaint you wanna
speak Chinese you only have to know 80
phrases all right do you think you can
learn 80 phrases in 20 hours yes that's
less than one week after work if you
want to learn Chinese you convert your
knees and less than 10 very nice
we have 4g by vauxhall let me tell you
how you do that demand first you
deconstruct the skill you didn't break
down these skills into the course and
find the most important things to
practice first if we're talking about
Chinese identify and prioritize one of
the most common phrases used in
determining which prioritizes this is
people's these peoples least common one
of these what's that where is the local
sex shop in Chinese along the way
self-correct make sure you're looking at
ballard reference material and
correcting yourself along the way is
okay to be wrong you know what I would
much rather somebody company as a nice
run a kid baby but I'm used to tried
right and I correct yourself a long way
and also remove barriers to learning so
make sure that you identify and remove
anything to distract distract focusing
on the skill to learn this could be a
lot of different things depending on
your current price situation this could
be home right some people can run at
home some people kid because he kept
like wait right so maybe wish to take
some time off of work or something and
go somewhere else and from there I'm not
going to tell you how to do that remove
those barriers to learning practice only
purpose at these 20 hours I'm telling
you you can get the skill that you want
the less than 20 hours is actually ours
have to be right in a row what does it
take long what a page two months three
months that's okay it only takes plan so
really what it matters when you're
sitting in an interview all right all
right you're sitting in that interview
it doesn't matter what you've done it it
matters what you're feeling I want to
hear as a hiring manager I want to hear
what are you doing right now the
benefits me and if you doesn't it
doesn't matter if you do that work just
matter if you're good oh if you're doing
that sexy as long as you can tell me
what you're doing that's what I
along the way make sure you're telling
people what to do it this is this is
where a lot of our a lot of our
community fails right is we're very
introverted we'd like to work like the
word our own you know it sometimes let's
face it you know I'm sorry but we're
just helping out a socialist a year I
apologize back there I've been here like
so we're just as input set professional
for generally not so social there this
is i love the triple easier you can work
the social game really easy alright if
you want a very successful at popular
Twitter account and you want to prove
what you're doing you need to do the
Tripoli its entertain educate engage so
entertaining doesn't mean funny I know
some of us you know some of us are much
more funnier than others but really what
it's going to do is is entertainment
probably 150 180 h by important people
record about looking for interesting
ideas there's 50 people here today
wanting to eard interesting like is okay
what can you do is engage those people
with what is it that you feel
interesting and trust me going to
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] god okay talk about what you
working on remember it doesn't matter
what you've done matters what you're
doing talk about what's good about
educate share something that you've
learned right along the way if you're
building something and building a tool
and you learn for example a good example
to be as and I was teaching myself
Python in those contexts share scent of
things and they sound absurd you
everybody knows you know the dash
capital a in in Mac will tell us all the
submissive brunette you know what not
everybody knows that cheered us up on
Twitter Facebook or whatever your
favorite I space account is where share
that their prey 50 yeah occasion amazing
jewelry and engage in quite honestly
engage is it really does go back to
first learn entertain but make sure
you're asking question make sure
just engage the others and most
importantly get involved all right so I
don't know they have to talk to this
crowd about this but it getting Falls
right now give the city is amazing
market be happy earlier I talked about
people who are not talking about that
the five-minute tool top I don't think
you guys understand the opportunities
you have in front of yourself right
there in the jewel talks the reason why
we made the five-minute rule plus
purpose was multi-home right number one
if you make it to like 45 minutes I'm
telling you have a paper form that feels
like 30 sec okay but in the background
you've taken a tool that you do you
didn't know somebody else wrote this
will be you have to pry it right Travie
jewel did you learn where up you figured
it out and you put up a few simple slide
can you go back to with that point very
well but they didn't share that
information with your peers when you're
standing up here to the microphone cure
the edge right you're gonna be sure an
actual with your peers and quite
honestly you have little knowledge I for
everybody's going to talk you know
blotter piece of cake your back you are
you know everything there is about all
right that's why they're just not just
one quarter uh guys I'm telling you a
second AC it is of course you know this
is the opportunity to get up here we've
already had a great time it might have
another one you had a great audience
here to people that are willing to learn
here's the time to get the ball also we
have great in other great on groups
against city there's a hackerspace that
a Friday environment right there's a
loss team that is around web application
of penetration testing 2600 group is I'm
still around heard by because we've got
wait Bruce here can you get involved so
when it breaks down to it when you're in
an interview and be able to respond to a
where I've we're at any [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up a lot of
times if you look around I have a
question all the time I'll times people
come up and introduce myself then
they're all asking oh you thought beep
ready
but there's nothing better to be able
say damage a sec AC or hey I give a talk
you know that was posted online or I'm
you know real active on twitter if you
saw me there be prepared to answer that
question okay so here's our party oh
that's great and all build but something
to improve ourselves and we're now on
track but when i go to to the job site I
need to find how I do it I go sorry go
on the website it says i need seven
years of experience right any masters
degree in whatever you know that's fine
I understand that I did that quite
honestly um started on all right if you
can say for the last five years I've
been building an environment I can acne
in the house I've got you have been
working on my porch innovation or if you
want to go into the incident response
I'd i hack my systems and then i go in
at tripod Epis that's going to go a long
ways while hiring manager who quite
honestly hopefully didn't use of the
slide except in each seven years for
years but that probably came from the HR
person guys biosig matter what you're
doing okay then start your work right
now I'm is there things that you're
going to be doing is your work right now
that could help get you where you want
to be start asking you know if you want
to be in intestinal if you want to be an
IR is there something that we're doing
right now to pick it up there so so
sharing you better talk about that but
and it started pretty excited quite i
want to say all you need to do is just
keep going so both very last slide I am
here is about security certifications up
varsity guys I am a fan of security
certifications you can't sit on that
that's good so so I am a fan of security
certifications as as I marinated for
right now I have a stack of resumes okay
so i put out of both i think it
resonates I've gotta start somewhere
episode somewhere now I'm not just going
to choose the people to have the
absolute biggest cancer patients and I
will tell you with something that I look
for it is definitely not the postal rate
but it's part of the story right what i
am not a fan of and quite honestly my
advice to you is if you go into a job
why are the circle certification perhaps
if it were me i would call the tape to
consider that but but if I could you
know say i would suggest people after
those and then so once we have you know
what mostly talk about the Apple
knowledge but it gave me experience go
ahead so huh I didn't want to throw our
road quick slide here for those who
accessed through it endured that top
who's hiring it right is anybody hiring
sister died okay alright so those guys
that are looking for a job I want you to
look around and inland look there's
people hiring account by honestly I'm
hiring too okay there are people in this
in this yeah oh no I'm saying there are
people right here that are trying to
find you okay listen to me there be in
this audience that are talking to point
you right so this is the opportunity
like i mentioned earlier this is the
time to go introduce yourself the people
stood up introduce yourself and say here
are the things i'm doing here is what
i'm interested in here to compel bigger
it here if I matter here's what I want
to be just go along the way am I gonna
so I'm hiring on these slides are
available right now and if they /em
since that should go say I'm giving it
to my page
incident response which is badass I
can't believe that no one we've got that
our bed and that's all I got so thanks
guys