all right first off sorry about the
audio we had no idea that if we plugged
into HDM audio it wouldn't work
so we tried hard to resolve that and
unable
to all right my Talk's called lights out
gorilla radio I'm going to tell you how
how to hack houses radios cars using and
using R Radio
frequencies uh so first off what is
softwar defined radio uh software
defined radio is a radio for every
frequency so right here I have a
software defined radio and it will
broadcast from listen and broadcast from
30 mahz to 6 gahz which is a very very
wide range and actually it will
broadcast outside the range as
well um so why is software designed
softwar defined radio in important uh
radio security especially is important
because it's it's kind of everywhere
it's on car key fobs it's on uh baby
monitors it's on home surveillance
systems it's on cell phones it's on skus
systems which is in the bottom there it
controls windmills and there's a guy
that comes to set KC who wrote software
to control windmills
wirelessly and it's on drones there was
a incident where the uh United States
had unencrypted drones that they knew
about for a long period of time and they
figured nobody's going to break into
this it's a a radio signal it's at 450
MHz or whatever nobody's going to figure
out that we're broadcasting
our um surveillance video over this over
this signal and what happened was people
were buying $26 of Hardware like this
and listening in on our multi-million
dollar drones and we're still haven't
even encrypted all of our drones this
day and this was in 2008 so and sorry
this was the shite uh um Muslims I guess
the rebels that were uh listening on
these signals seeing what we were doing
on over in
Iraq um so the point of this talk is so
we can build better security identify
the issues and uh um and and resolve
them more early on before we before we
deploy
them so if you're looking at a um a
radio broadcast frequency like a like a
home surveillance system one option for
attacker is to jam that system so if you
have a hack RF like I have here and
that's let's say that's at 2.4 GHz you
can actually broadcast a stronger signal
and um override that frequency so nobody
sees anything uh another option is to
replay that signal so if you record a uh
kind of a blank signal or something
where the um
where that nothing is happening on the
on the security system you can actually
just record that info and then broadcast
it back so if your signal is strong
enough then it'll appear that nothing is
happening uh over that surveillance
system beyond that you can listen and
receive so basically if you're sitting
there with hack RF or any sort of
software defined radio hack RF is just
one of them hack but hack is the one I
own so that's why I'm mentioning this
talk uh you can listen and um receive
the signal and then um from there you
can just decode the information and try
to identify what's going on uh beyond
that once you've listened and received
you can actually just transmit the
signal um so you can broadcast your own
signal telling uh the receiver whatever
you
want so we'll go into some demos here uh
at first I kind of looked around my
house and and were there's just radio
frequencies everywhere there's radio
radio control devices everywhere and one
of the things that I found was I have uh
a couple fans that are uh controlled by
remote that you can set the fan speed
and turn the light on and off so I was
like okay that's a that's a good Target
it's uh definitely something that's kind
of um connected to my house and kind of
important because you're um you can see
if it's turned on and off oops sorry the
uh go ahead and play that demo so here I
am standing outside my house running
running a script and my lights turn on
and then I run the script again and my
lights turn off and that is pretty cool
it's pretty scary and I can do it to my
house but there's only so many you can
open up the back of this and choose
between like eight frequencies so you
can affect a wide range of Lights with
enough power uh it's uh I mean I
definitely do it in automate my home
house own house which is cool but um
it's uh it's also nice um or it's also I
guess scary to know the if if it's a
PowerUp signal it can affect the whole
city or something like that um this
isn't going to work but you can also
broadcast your own radio station I
and
r
so that's me tuned into a uh signal that
was static before I broadcast to it uh I
recorded it with this mic at like 640
MHz and broadcast it back at 91.3 really
not hard but it's pretty cool to just
replay things at different frequencies
and see what you can do so from there
there's other attack scenarios
that's that's kind of nifty tricks it's
it's uh it's fun to do uh but there's
other other tax scenarios like in an
office environment so um I was kind of
looking around thinking about what's
actually something that we care about
for security and I have a wireless
keyboard here so I decided to look at
that and here's the a picture of the
wireless keyboard that I have nobody
else has the same
one
so so what I did was I looked at the
fcci ID and found out that it was at 27
MHz and then I listened at 27 MHz and um
was able to find the exact frequency it
was broadcasting at so here's a video of
me listing at 27 MHz and you can see
I'll play it here you can see me my my
keystrokes and my mouse movement my key
strokes on the right and my mouse
movements on the left and I was able to
find the exact frequency that my
keyboard was broadcasting
at so from there I was able to uh do
replay attacks on my
keyboard um we'll go ahead and get to a
demo of that and actually I can hop out
here all right so here I'm es into this
uh Linux box which is controlling the
demos um let's do add user
first so I so I'm telling this hack RF
to run my run the script that I that I
wrote here and I'll I'll go ahead and
execute
it so this is
uh bypassing UAC and adding a user and
these computers are completely
disconnected and now it's adding it to
group all right that was replay so this
was playing to this receiver I probably
could have put closer but it worked um
and so yeah that was just replaying
right now from this uh hacker F to this
wireless keyboard receiver which is fled
into USB here so it was telling that
what keys were pressed in replying it at
added sorry I'm trying to find where
Ates and we can see that it actually
added the user
here user I just
added we go ahead and delete that since
you're on the same network I am and you
beyond that I can also another attack
that I recorded was a netcat um attack
so instead of adding a user I'll
actually um try to execute a net cat
shell so starting net cat listener on
Port
31337 and we're listening so um if I
connected this I didn't want to look up
look up the IP address I didn't have
enough time to prepare but this is ready
to go I can just have a remote shell um
yeah I think I will be short on time if
I actually look up my IP address right
now though so I'll go ahead and move on
beyond
that all right so those are two keyboard
replay attacks and um those are I those
are really cool I enjoyed
them but beyond that there there's
additional attack so I wanted to know
which keys were being pressed I I can
record something that press but I
actually wanted to know if somebody else
owns the keyboard like in an office
environment which keys are being pressed
so I um went to decode the signal and I
I started off with something like this
it's just kind of some gibberish up
there it's just some radio noise
basically and was able to identify the
type of modulation that was using so
once I demodulated the signal I had I
had a better signal to work with and um
from there I was just a noisy signal so
I applied some additional filtering and
was able to end up with a clean signal
that's actually Miller encoded signal um
each of those uh Peaks mean something
different and that's um kind of what I
ended up with there and this is the gnu
radio graph that I built to get to that
point so once I built that that compiles
into Python and I was able to modify
that python to actually decode that into
ones and zeros into into bits and and um
tell which keys were pressed so we'll go
ahead and do a demo of that um so again
I'll connect to
my I'm on this computer now just since I
can't play two screens at once and run
strip Big Chill um all right
so uh we are listening this this
keyboard's completely disconnected it's
it's talking to that computer but I'll
go ahead I have it on this table here
and I if I type uh should
typing all right so on this wireless
type
the th this computer can tell what's
being typed by this wireless keyboard
and these are I know they're close
together but they're completely
disconnected so both computers know it's
thanks find where
right okay so that was it for the demos
I uh um so I've shown you how to hack
lights hack computers and hack cars and
hack FM radio and also hopefully shown
you some uh reasons to um be aware of
radio
security and hopefully this gives you
some things to think about around your
house and helps you kind of think about
you