do I guess who has it who hasn't heard
about it anybody heard about Raspberry
Pi so I I was throwing them on around
the top uh topic and
um one of the things I've been working
on is a talk on security metrics and uh
it's not even worry about that but I
just didn't think that you guys would
probably be interested in that on a
Wednesday night during computer so
decided to change it up a little bit and
so I'm gonna talk about
um the mine so Pony with with pie right
and then I've got five kids so the
oldest is 19 my youngest is eight and uh
every Saturday morning I can't find any
of them they're all downstairs in the
basement even my 19 year old
um so I I was looking for this last
Saturday I found them downstairs and uh
had an idea the reason I can't find them
is because they're all watching My
Little Pony so so instead of being
pointing with pie like I think maybe
this will be a talk about my little
problems
it's even got the little raspberry thing
right there
I know enough that they have a little
thing on their butt
so a little bit myself I gave a tool
talk but I don't think I gave an
introduction about me
um so I'm Shogun Shelby Patrol a long
long time ago had some handle called
Vendetta
um and I won't even tell you what I did
with that because I'm not sure what the
statue of limitations is but um I was in
my team so I luckily
my dad taught a lot of people and got me
out of trouble and luckily helped out I
was in the range for a while uh as an
information systems officer I got out
and I'm lucky enough that I can do the
same thing today because I was doing the
Marines just make a little bit more
money you don't have to worry uniform I
don't have to exercise in 18 so that's
good I'm working in infosec for the last
several years that's my email if you
want it now like I said I got five kids
and uh and I walked around with a tin
hat thanks to Wayne
so here
all right so you know what I have a
thought about the Raspberry Pi about
you're going to use it for pen testing
right yes it's a great little device
it's small and the size of a credit card
but there's some reason why I really
thought it was great because I want to
have a lot of money so anybody seen the
the phone plug I think wait you've got
one right he got his for free or
something I don't know how he did that
though okay okay 6.95 for it so it's
expensive right 600 bucks for something
that you might drop somewhere and it
might get confiscated you might never
see it again that's a lot of money to
lose I mean I don't have that much money
but the Raspberry Pi this is at the
Micro Center is 30 bucks and it's pretty
good so it's cheap eyes
I can live with you know those in a 30
device right I don't know that I've
lived myself if I had a 600 dollar
device at the
um I had potential loses uh small over
easy to hide something you can see that
that's the inside guts of a power strip
got someone's taking kind of pull their
out some of the electronics in there
stuck in and Raspberry Pi and uh great I
mean I've got one of these at home
that's actually what my thought was I've
got an old APC UPS like personal one
it's a little bit bigger than a park
like a parts grip on uh steroids it's
pretty big but has like a little four by
four slot where the battery you know is
but can't find a battery for anymore but
that'd be a great spot to stick that
thing because it's got like you know a
bunch of Outlet uh power outlets on it
it's got inputs for for helpful Minds
fax line and data line right so you can
tap right into that I'm still gonna need
someone's desk it'll look like a belong
there because it's a mini UPS so they
can see it on it it looks great
um
that'll be a great enclosure for one of
these things I don't think anybody would
ever really think twice if they saw one
sentence yes
um and the pie runs Linux natively so we
all love Linux in here right because uh
you saw that
um I was having problems getting my
laptop on Windows 8 to work with this I
hate Windows 8 so I hate windows
83.00
but there are a lot of options so
because it runs Linux there are a ton of
different intros out there so Kali Linux
the ones that we're talking about are
toolbox what is calebly on it they have
a build or the Raspberry Pi to run on
arm uh uh stock so we made the tools on
the Kali Linux distro if you want to get
it There's the link right there
um home buying I think they finished
development on that it's like version
two or something that has over 200
security tools installed on that that's
the one on the show tonight and then
Pony Express actually did a build called
raspberry Pome
um I didn't go count the tools actually
it's kind of fine to figure out how much
they have
um
and then I found that actually can't
debating that you got to pay for their
device to do that their freeware stuff
they pulled that on there but you know
it's that's something pretty easy to do
if you really want to get around this
attack
um and uh that actually that was the one
I wanted to try but it requires an older
version of the Raspberry Pi uh devious
build if I couldn't find anywhere so I
can actually get the belt work uh spent
like two in the morning a couple nights
ago we came up and I just told the foam
pie so that's what I've got pretty
pretty easy to do the cool thing about
the Raspberry Pi is that the the storage
mechanism is an SD card so
um if you want you can take each of
these
um different uh Linux builds put them on
a separate SD card and throw them in and
figure out which one you like boots up
really quick less than 60 seconds I
think I think I kind of like 43 seconds
for Coldplay last night so it comes up
online pretty quick saves everything to
the SD card SD card for cheap home pies
cheap okay this thing's awesome
um if you download the image you can
then use DD and Linux and there's a
couple Windows tools to write that image
to the SD card and then put the cart put
the card in the box and then power it up
and then you get
you get a screen like that so there's a
line right here I bought an enclosure
for it just because I didn't want the
electronics and stuff hanging out but
so you know one of the things I wanted
to demo just kind of a start obviously
you're going to stick something
somewhere else on another Network you
want to be able to access that and uh
pretty easy to establish the reverse SSH
cell to your box
um there's this oops
there's the script there that I have
can't see it sorry but um uh so it's
running on it now so it's got a crunch
up so every five minutes it runs it
checks the the script runs checks and
see whether or not SSH tells an
established if it hasn't it sets it up
runs it and then then you're connected
so what you have is on you know you have
oops
sorry
it's all right so what you would have is
like on the other network and someone
else's Network you have your little
Raspberry Pi hanging off go over the
Internet they go to your your laptop
where you would have
um SSH running back tracker or Cali or
something like that and um is that it so
I can't see my own screen I love like I
said I love Windows 8 so
um
all right so the Raspberry Pi is up and
running it's powered up it should have
run the Quran jobs grip by now establish
an slh tunnel or attempt to nsh Tunnel
every five minutes of my box
um so my box I've got to run into VMware
there it's already run the SSH services
so all I got to do
is run a command to like hey I want to
go backwards on the sa6 films
established on Port 1974 back to root I
love the hopes which is my pie
so it's going to ask me for a password
and there you go so for my linuxos
um SSH back reverse tunnel back into my
iPhone 5. pretty simple green video from
there you could run any of those two up
to 300 security tools and map whatever
you want
pretty cool it's got USB on it so if you
want to attach on a
Wi-Fi antenna or device a receiver
whatever you can do that sniff traffic
if you have a large enough car you can
SD cards come up to 128 gigs now
probably I mean you could probably store
a crapload of data on an SD card
capturing logs station stuff whatever
you want so I use an 8 gig card here I
think it's only using less than two so
lots of room on that with you to
download more tools if I want
um or store stuff on it for exfiltration
later on
that's it yeah where'd you get your case
Micro Center yeah yeah case was like
there's cheaper to buy the case separate
and the card separate but yeah it has
the speed of it I'm going to do it
anyway or is it fast enough I think it's
fast enough yeah I mean it's designed I
mean you can do um you know HD video on
it stuff so it's not going to be it's
easy I don't know that I would run John
the Ripper on it yeah but it has my
Bitcoin it does my yeah I don't know how
much he's getting out of it maybe by the
time he's dying he might have a half of
one a little bit yeah
um
yeah it can slow down so the question
was around SD cards the read write can
be a little slow and he's right and he's
correct
um so I'm using you know high capacity
details time to work hard the fastest I
can get on it
um it seems to work all right I haven't
had any issues recording data to it
um at least that I can see and of course
I've done all those just on my own
network at home so you know whatever
Wireless we're getting bit so
um I've been doing anything
significantly you can see it works for
me nice I mean especially for the price
hours
it's powered by there's a question on
the power strip you know what is it
powered by so it's powered by USB power
so you need a minimum I think of like
0.7 amps so almost any cell phone
charger so what I did was uh took an old
Blackberry truck right at and since no
and you attach into it so just be
careful you know when you're doing stuff
like that there's a past you know the
one that I had there's some passengers
things you want to make sure they're
discharged or just you know ramp away
from them mess around electricity but
yeah you can tap into that and easily
tap into the uh the Deadwood Port as you
want you know I just basically replaced
it because I knew I wasn't going to try
to pass through anyway a little more
citizen for anybody here that maybe is
doing a device
on the file system
yeah so the comment here was if you if
you do anything like this you know
consider using true Crypt to encrypt
your data on your device because if
someone does grab this and want to pull
the car down obviously they'll have you
know access to everything that you have
in your District right so all your marks
everything you've been doing so nobody
would do that no one would do it yeah
yeah so any questions or comments so a
lot a lot of cool things you can do with
a 30 device it's small and um stick it
anywhere and have a lot of fun that's