cool talks are originally we sent them
to be a five-minute talk about a tool
that anybody might use you don't have to
be an expert in any of you guys can do
the toolbar guys and gals everybody can
do jewel talking and please talk to me
or talk to any the organizers or just
submit a talk on the website if you're
interested in doing this or it come talk
to me if you don't want to do one and
but you have an idea for one that you
like to hear orderly but yes the toolbox
just a great way to kind of talk about
stuff that might be kind to comment but
some of us might not know about or I
hear about it all the time but I'm
embarrassed ask about it because like Oh
everybody knows yeah so also I want to
do something a little bit different this
one and dual talks and me we will start
off a new training at the end of the
tool time I'm gonna go through your go
through a bunch of examples in here but
at the end if you guys have an example
something accompli you support come up
here and talk about I like you hear from
two or three people out here that catch
me pretty easy because it's commonly
school so please come you know at the
end of this talk if if you have an
example that I haven't talked about come
up here and talk about tells how to use
that cap so neck at its kind of lie
units cap only instead you read and
write from a socket so it's written by
popular originally from I think about 20
years ago it's really old tool yoga
rewrote it within map so there's
actually a couple of areas around there
mostly the same but there are a few kind
of different options that they have the
house was built kind of under the UNIX
philosophy do one thing do it well or
with other programs with pipes and tanks
in from one and out to another so
basically is like illegal so you can use
netcat which is NCS man you can take
anything from standard into whether it
be something tight could be helpful from
another process and then goes out to the
net it could be to another you can
porn on a different machine running a
service or a random ports you want to
test her going to be to another netcat
instance on a different machine so it is
kind of like sorry guys and it's kind of
a local clothing ilysm that everybody
gives to this one for whatever reason so
there's so many things you can do with
it you can do rock connections like to
another process you do simple web server
UDP server client you do basic chat
mechanism poor scans proxy you can have
a unit process yeah server copy files
you can do other cool things like since
Lyons real slow one at a time or good
but there are so many things that can do
with that so how do you use my cat well
install it first of all but it's
probably already installed on most
platforms under mac OS that comes
pre-installed at cool from most linux
distros you install from repo it's
called in map dashing path as i use in
that variant on the L enterprises on
experience medic a PSD on VPN
derivatives I'm going to know those not
quite so sure about whether I'm sure
there are plenty of resources out there
you can find so how do you use netcat
there in terms of options for it I'm not
going to really go through them all here
but you can specify you want to use IP
before I can be 6 you can specify
listening port there's a you can do
source routing with it and so the
proposed to be a little higher you can
set weights and there's tons of options
so read the man page on it and check it
out especially because somewhere
earrings have some options wherever some
don't so here's an example of how you
might use it this is a very basic
example so I've got basically war
machine on top and the second machine on
the bottom on the top machine running
that cat coming to shoot be4 3137 on the
bottom machine i'm running metcalf a
shelf or listen listen I'm 43 1337 and
you're typing so I was sure
either way of describing this but on the
first line hi there that was tight time
machine a and what's out this typology
be those very basic you know it's just
when it comes in a one machine goes out
of the other vice versa if you want to
do something a little more substantial
like conventional sayin telnet server or
a city mail server on the shoot so that
cat to the machine day for 25 to talk to
Ella Tiki said a short little message or
whatever you want to do you can even set
it up to be a basic web responded like
you have something messed up and like oh
my gosh I can't get internet running
again I don't know what's going on so in
an expedient with responder here it just
runs my step a little command where
you're listening and you're just having
a basic where the response being echoed
into it so the common theme here is
everything is using the pipes are using
standard in standard hour and you can do
four of them you can make a to a machine
and profile and this is a simple way to
do a file transfer to us here at all I
know there's no integrity verification
but well they hey there works in you
know but you do something underneath a
real quick you can do that comes from us
so if you're connecting your binary
source well actually has a format for a
parameter for dumping hash data if you
want to do like funny network we can
just put a whole lot of data internet
cat on both machines or one machine or
whatever and you know it has fascinated
and come in through the UNIX bite it's
going to go right back down the network
interface let's say I want to set up in
a reverse shell and this is a very very
basic way of doing it obviously there
are other ways to do it it might be
somewhere so here you run neck out with
a listener and on a different machine
with my reverse shell I run neck
actually forex execute and then you
gotta
a sub n sh you can't just type SH you
got a paper for a Q&amp;A otherwise your
heirs person's name or number and then
what's interesting here is there no
legacy props here so you see first line
I just a dinner all what's going on Who
am I am a response but there's new shale
rocks or anything like that it's very
basic no-frills but it works another
cool way to use neck cat is a to make
quicker use of your ssh Jumbo's so a lot
of times you'll have like one machine
wind SSH sitting on border and that's
only machine even ssh2 and then you
gotta say to another box so what I want
to do as I could put a nice of hawaii hi
association fee and as a proxy command
so this is your connections other hosts
it just runs ssh to the following host
through netcat and then all this is
going to do is for your traffic for you
but instead of SS aging in the machine a
you get a lot of profit sshi machine be
he could do it all in one go you can run
all sorts arbitrary commands so the
piece of the dash leaves so if there's
any common unix utility if you want it
to be networking at a bird man no no cat
Becky back to the file and the port that
you want to listen on and then connect
to that core and see the results there
another cool uses to make a proxy hurt
you know takes no time to set this up
actually they use this today because we
have a fun egress filters on our
firewall and the stream that I want to
lose to do is I mamata port I don't know
what that text is a big enough but
recently I just ran a while loop and all
it does is running that cat listening
out for 23 which is a privilege support
that's why I could run as root which is
obviously this is something you want to
do every day but this is a nice way to
be DM fix for things here what we're
doing is that we call them 850 commander
what that does is create you
need a named pipe and the need plague is
a special file that standard n goes
directly back to standard Eileen time to
type to that file but what's cool about
that is usually when we're using that
cat the first command I to netcat as
standard how it going to the standard in
a vet cat but what standard out netcat
just goes to the terminal so what we
want to do is get it back to the first
program so what we're doing on the first
and second program which are neck at
this case we just change our standard in
and standard out on those files in a
pipe and set up the screen and that way
what we're doing is bouncing the traffic
back in and out and as the traffic comes
through here so that's those are my
basic examples of you can use my cat if
you want to check out other alternative
there's a critic at which is uh if you
want to have encrypted traffic and but
that's basically it so I don't like to
invite anybody else up here who is using
that cat and would like to talk about
how the easy so two or three people just
come right up take the mic and tell me
how you use neck out and everybody's
shot I'll tell you what here we go got
Joel here so for cyber petri and so for
the cyber patriot challenge they have
one of the test images they riddled it
full of netcat instances doing shells
and so it's like reverse shells and
stuff like that we had to find them he
had to find them and then you had to you
know take them offline that he had to
course document in version except for
the challenge but so that's an example
of how to use netcat to maintain
persistence all right thanks we got
another example yeah 11 quick little one
is uh so n tack which is the like a
guess they get a poor goat neck at it is
it is what's that yeah an apple right i
did my found if it comes on any links I
think maybe Callie has it but yeah when
you most importantly it when you install
an app on windows
you're weird like when I was like me
I've been hit with an map on there did
you get any fat which is like an
enhanced that hat and as it's all the
same features and as ssl support so if
you're trying to diagnose ssl connection
it's pretty useful for sometimes looking
into SSL connections is the Pope so so
NCAT on Windows is an excellent tool
awesome things yep and anybody else set
of examples going once going twice uh
yeah yeah one come on up here come on up
here you're probably already talking
about it reports p.e if you don't have
internet you guys and c minus EV and you
can check for up reports but one of the
cool things you can do NS e minus Z
means face- you and check for UTP ports
absolutely very good okay we got an
example that was a successful xperia x8
so uh thanks a lot for able to talk if
again like i said you guys can do the
tool talk please sign up to do one we're
gonna talk to me if you want to hear
something on an interesting topic thanks
[Applause]