Let's get this kicked off. Who's ready
All right, Killian, you ready to
go? All right. Well, I'm going to
introduce our first speaker tonight. We
have Killian Ditch up here ready to give
a speak. Guys, I want to hear it. This
is Killian's first time talking to Sec.
[Applause]
Thank you.
So, Helia is going to be talking about
cracking a physical hash tonight. Once
again, I do want to remind those newbies
and those that have not talked, this is
a great opportunity to talk in front of
a crowd. Uh Killy's going to be giving a
5-ish minute uh talk. Let me tell you
something. 5 minutes goes like that. So,
if if you're interested in get up and
speaking, make sure you visit
talk.kc.org. Kelly, I'm going to pass it
over to you. All right. This is an eat
the mic 5:15.
Okay, cool. Hopefully.
Hi, my name is Killian Dish. This is
about the fifth set, Casey, that I've
been to. Uh,
decided while I'm somewhat of a noob
into infosc itself, I've been doing
lockpicking for a little bit longer just
as a bit of a hobby. Some of you might
know it. This is just a bit of a short
presentation. Um, first and
foremost, most of these slides are
courtesy of tool.
um link is on the other pages but it's
copy left by Degan Dolan. Want to make
sure that everyone knows that I am
reusing this material. It is attributed
and it is free for others to do the
same. All right. Um basically the idea
was if you're trying to crack passwords,
you usually don't have the actual
password itself. you have a hash and
you're trying to either determine what
will make a hash that's the same
resulting in collision or finding the
same number of the same characters that
result in the same
hash. I was thinking this kind of the
same thing in regards to a key and
picking the lock. You have the key which
is the password or the hash password and
then you have picking the lock which is
setting the pins into the various um
positions that will then open the lock.
I'll go into a little bit of detail in
regards to how locks are actually
constructed some of them and I have the
hopes of being able to do a
demonstration. Fingers crossed on that
one. So first off get some
terminology. Um you got your your basic
keyway, which is where the key goes in,
of course. Um, the plug, which holds it,
rotates. You got the driver pin and the
key pin, and of course, the spring keeps
everything in
between. If you look at from the side,
you can have anywhere from, you know,
one pin, seven pins, etc. Just keeps on
getting older whenever you do
that. If you don't have a key, you can
see it just kind of jams whenever you
try to turn it. If you have a key, it
lifts it up. The driver pins lifted all
the way out of the way and the plug is
rotate. Take a look at it from the
side. It lifts all of them up. And if
you look at the shear line, all of them
line up and the plug is able to rotate.
Nothing is causing it to jam like it was
here.
So, we're allowed
to use key or we're allowed to pick
locks because they're not designed
optimally. Well, they're designed
optimally. They're not machined
optimally. In a perfect world, they
would look like that. Pretty much a
straight line of pins and they would all
bind at the exact same time. No, one
would be ahead of the others. In
actuality, they look a little bit like
this. They get worn. that may not be
machined, drilled properly. And so you
get in, you get unevenness. And what
that causes, as you can see, this line
of pins doesn't work. Well, if you look
at um and there's that one that's
binding before the others. Therefore, if
you can then lift that one out of the
way, you'll then be able to find the
next one that binds and so on so forth
until the lock opens.
The way that you do
that is like so. Basically, if you can
manage to keep the plug turning and add
enough friction so that when you're able
to lift that driver pin all the way up,
it
sticks. You're then able to make sure
that that one's set and move on to the
next pin itself.
One issue that you run into is if you
lift the the pin too high, it binds on
itself. So that is the key pin binds as
that that's a good lift. Moves in back,
finds next one that binds, lifts it,
moves it to the next. All right, where
is it? And really, it's kind of guess
work unless you know what you're doing.
And there it overbinds. You're going to
keep trying to rotate it, but you can't
lift the pin up any higher and the plug
So, this is just kind of a little bit
bit of a demonstration of how it all
works together where you twist it. You
take your pick and you take your tension
wrench, put the tension wrench in, turn
it, and you start testing the pins to
try to find the one that binds because
it's going to have a bit more friction
whenever you lift it up as opposed to
the other ones, which is going to be
free. That one's going to stick. You can
feel that and you lift it up. Once it
lifts, the plug rotates the tiniest bit
and you know that it's set. You can then
next. And you can also feel when the
pins have set most of the time because
they're looser when they don't have the
pressure of the spring pointing down
lock turns. Now, that's all the slides I
had. And there's a reason for that
because, well, this is pretty much going
cooperate. That's a lot darker than I
That will do the trick. Please flash me,
Bill. So, first I've got
fairly cheap
padlock simple padlock drop. And you
look into it. We've got the keyway, got
the plug, some pins that you can kind of
see. And the first thing that you want
to do is find out how many pins are in
You take So you take the flat side of
the pick.
Usually take the flat side of the pick
and you can press all the pins in and
And you probably can't hear that, but it
actually does
Click, click, click,
click. It quits. And there you know how
many pins there are and about where they
are in the location in relationship to
pick cuz you don't want to be jamming
pick all the way to the back of the lock
So you set your tension wrench in
applying pressure so that the plug turns
just a bit which gets that first pin to
bind. Then take a pick. I'm using a half
diamond. And slide it
in. It's a bit of a tight lock. So
works. Excellent. So you get it in and
one. And and you test the pins and you
turn back making sure that your pressure
wrench. It's often really stubborn one
and it unlocks.
[Applause]
So, that's when you're actually having
to pick a lock. A quick warning to
anybody who is buying cheap locks, don't
get
these. I'll show you
why. They don't actually have any pins.
They have a simple catch in the back
that holds the HP. So really, if you
have a curved tool, you take it, put it
into the
back, and it pops open.
Almost faster than using a key because
you don't have to worry about making
sure that you get that spinny bit
Kelly. So, Killian, where you posted up
at? If anybody wants to see that lock,
no, one of those two locks. Are you back
over here? Yeah, you're back over here
if anybody wants to see those locks.
Right. Yes. By the two lovely ladies
over on the side. All right, let's hear
for Kelly.
[Applause]
All right, up next we have Mattie
McFatty making his way down the the
runway. Hey.
Uh, who needs a quick break or who wants
to keep going? Quick break. Say woo. All
right, let's keep going. All right.
All right. All right. All right.
Nope. You got your minute start just
now.
You guys should get a drink. This will
take a while. So, I'm curious. Uh, who
here by show of hands GPS worked great
to find this
spot? All right, let's try the opposite