oscilloscopes so as you can see guys
that are married if your wife says you
need a bunch of old and older computer
equipment to add to the stack of
Richard's gonna give us some great ideas
about how to add to that pile of old
crap that you've got really put it to
good use and I'd also like to point out
that we had no problem connecting the
oscilloscope to the projector but
guaranteed we will have problems with
Windows 10 later on
let's give somebody not me Richard a big
round of applause so yeah I'm RSA X BC
of our 6 BC dotnet and that's my
projector and not the oscilloscope which
is great and this talk is called intro
to oscilloscope because last fall school
closed and redistributed a ton of test
equipment on Craigslist and it ended up
in a bunch of your guys's hands and not
everybody knew exactly what to do with
it
so just kidding this is actually the
first slide is electrical safety on the
red diagram you will if you connect any
two points on the red diagram you can do
that because if you were ever in doubt
put one hand behind your pocket I'm not
a good safety speaker this is about as
far as we're going to go but if you open
the oscilloscope there are a bunch of
things in there that will kill you so
this is the general overview of how the
oscilloscope and system processes stuff
the first step is you start with a
signal something that you want to look
at like it might be a pin on a
microcontroller that you're not sure
what it does and that is your signal
then the signal goes into one of these
which you can't really see very well and
I should have put a picture up but I was
I was busy last night this is called a
probe it's a specialized piece of wire
after that it actually enters the signal
actually enters the oscilloscope this is
called acquisition or digitization
depending on the type of oscilloscope
you have be it analog or digital
oscilloscope then kind of just sits
around and waits for a while until a
trigger occurs a trigger is any event
that makes it do something usually the
something is take a picture the goal the
basic intro of an oscilloscope is to
allow a human being to see electrical
signals that are going really fast
waiting faster than humans can see or
really slow so slow that it doesn't make
sense for human to sit there and stare
at it you can run something for 10
minutes and later you get a printout of
what it looked like which is the the
next step and then once you've done that
you take some measurements and that's
pretty much you just do that in the loop
and that's how for example you discover
like what pins on a new product that
you're taking apart contain the local
serial console you need to route the
device so this is the first thing that I
need to teach you and this is the grid
it's it's literally just a gigantic
Cartesian plot and it can mean basically
one of two things usually what it means
on the x axis is time and then on the y
axis is voltage and we'll play with
these with these soon the tick marks are
artists to scale I guess there's a
there's basically on an analog
oscilloscope your knobs will tell you
what the tick marks mean on a digital
oscilloscope usually the screen will
just say like each tick is one bolt or
each tick is 5 milliseconds so that's
what the grid is mean on older analog
scopes there's really nothing but the
signal displayed and so that's why you
gotta look at the knobs to know what it
means
so yeah pros these are the fancy pieces
of wire a bunch of the oscilloscopes
that people picked up this fall did not
come with probes and so you have to find
those on Amazon and they're like five
bucks to general families active and
passive probes
to everyone in this room that's not
designing high-speed electronics you can
get by with cheap passive probes it'll
be fine
active probes actually contain
amplifiers inside the wire to make your
weak signals or fast signals more
visible differential versus single ended
there's basically you can get a probe
that has two tips and that measures from
point A to point B and it looks at the
differences single-ended is the picture
of there where it has a single ground
clip and then everything is referenced
to ground ground in this system means
zero volts the the baseline of negative
plug on the barrel plug at whatever
you're supplying this is very common in
the sorts of consumer electronics that I
hack one characteristic probes have is
capacitance if you have a choice you
want that to be low basically that will
determine the bandwidth of the probe you
want wide bandwidth you want low
capacitance but if you have for example
a 60 megahertz scope it doesn't do any
good to by 200 megahertz probes by 60
megahertz probes for your scope there's
also a little switch on there it's tiny
and in this particular picture which I
really should have found a better one
the switch is black on a black probe so
it's invisible but it'll slide is
somewhere between 10 X 1 X maybe a
hundred x and it'll effectively scale
your voltage range for you and we just
have to make sure that setting is set up
in the scope true true to what's going
on so the first thing we're going to do
is prune out our probes
and the first thing that you need to do
whenever you set up a new oscilloscope
or even move it or the temperature
changes a lot in your office is called
probe compensation and what this is is
we're effectively matching the
construction tolerances in the
oscilloscope to the construction
tolerances in the probe both of which
change with temperature so we'll just do
a quick little tuning to make sure
that's right
almost every oscilloscope unless you
have something made in the 1930s has got
a little calibration point on it and
it'll be labeled and it'll tell you what
and so in this case what what we have is
a square wave and this is a very common
calibration signal the most common
unless you get into high-end fancy stuff
and I have the switch in the wrong
but basically when this is yeah so my
attenuator switch is in the wrong
position which is causing this to read
out as a very silly number but if that
were in the correct position this would
actually be a 2 volt signal as this
should be 1 1 mol another goal and it's
also 1 kilohertz which you can see 2 200
microseconds oh no oh that's already
this particular Silla scope as a digital
one has some fancy tools and one of the
fancy tools is that it measures the
signals going in for you automatically
which is just kind of an D so basically
this is showing that we have a
calibration signal it's at least really
close this is an oscilloscope that I got
for free so this is within the
acceptable tolerances of pre
oscilloscopes a 2% deviation there is a
space in here where you can open it up
and try and fix that but yeah so this is
our oscilloscope you can see the period
of the signal this is a signal the
period of a signal is measured from one
point to the exact same point on the
next period
on the next waveform so you can measure
it from this falling edge to the next
falling edge and you would see that the
period is 980 microseconds and this is
just how we measure repeating waves but
we're here to kick shot glasses off the
stage and also to calibrate this probe
on the probe itself and you need a
screwdriver your probes will actually
come with a screwdriver you'll look at
it and you'll say why is there a plastic
screwdriver I don't need this and you'll
throw it away and then you'll think oh
richard reminded me that I needed this
magic screwdriver because it is made of
that is also a poorly tuned program this
is not enough this is too much but right
there and right about there when the
square wave looks square the thing is
correct the reason this is made of
plastic is that if you make one out of
steel or nickel or iron it'll actually
couple into the system magnetically and
cause basically it'll Bend your way for
in a little bit and then you'll think
you're directing for it you'll take the
screwdriver away and it will also look
wrong and then you'll take a bunch of
measurements and all of your
measurements will be wrong so that's why
the screwdriver is made of plastic and
so we're gonna switch over and get some
some test data real fast and then we're
all right so these waves so yeah
triggering is the general concept that
we're gonna let these signals run until
something interesting happens on the
older analog scopes what's going on is
this is there's this electron gun and
it's ready to fire until some event
happens the event happens the gun sweeps
across the screen and this amplifier
that's looking at your signal goes up or
down based on what your signal is doing
and that's how the oscilloscope fires
all this digital stuff has done way way
differently but the general concept
still applies we need some of the bends
to say take a picture now and show it to
me in this case the event as you can see
there's a line digital scope it's right
there
but it basically says is that when this
signal crosses this threshold take a
picture you can ignore channel 2 for
additionally if we move this line up on
the wave the wave actually shifts over a
little bit and if we move it down it
shifts back oh my gosh it's amazing it's
like how bits are made and we'll get to
that in a little bit and then eventually
basically we take this too far out of
the way the oscilloscope doesn't know
what to do and it just lets kind of fly
around there are two options you can
either have the virtual electron gun not
draw at all or you can have it just
freely draw whatever it sees and that's
[Music]
okay I want you to watch this sine wave
on the top and I'm going to change it
around and you're gonna listen and
you're gonna see if something
interesting happening so this sine wave
if we look at the spacing on it is again
about one kilohertz and as we change
that will actually hear the tone coming
out of the speaker change as well so
basically that's how the introduction to
oscilloscopes works and then I think
we're going to need to take a short
length five-minute break and I'm going
to come back and show you how to read
the baud rate of aur which is actually
what you want to do as soon as you crack
open a physical device connect a
Raspberry Pi that we can talk to with
the serial port up to the oscilloscope
so we can actually see what's going on
and so what you'll see the first thing
that you'll notice is that the signal is
up way high in the air and that's just
normal with house serial courts work
they usually idle either high or a
negative voltage on the old PC style but
this one is sitting at 3.3 volts which
is a good indicator that we have a
serial port if you had to plug this in
while the the Raspberry Pi was booting
you'd actually see a bunch of garbage on
coming out of the serial line as there's
data as the kernel boots off and prints
out the D message long but now that I
have this hooked up so a serial console
if you can imagine his space bar which
is like hex 20 and the bits are backward
but other than that that's pretty much a
byte hole might over the over the wire
will try and get a more interesting one
a cool Joel can you also hold the letter
a it's right here okay ladies and
gentlemen this is the letter A as seen
electrically on a you are there's
there's a few things going on here that
you may not immediately notice number
one your words are not synchronous you
have no idea when the bytes going to be
sent there because there could have been
any amount of time over here or over
here but between mites so how do you
know that the UART is about to go the
this the first bit is always the start
bit on it you aren't
it's just when the data first
transitions and we measure everything
else from there so the first step to do
would actually be to measure how and why
that pulse is and in figuring out the
baud rate of a you are what you what you
need to do is find a single bit like
this would be a good example this down
and up or this up over and down this is
a bad example because it is noticeably
wider than any of the others this is a
bad example also because it is about two
times as wide as any of the others this
one which is the the last bit in the
byte would work fine and then what you
can't see because we're only sending one
byte at a time is there's actually a
stop it here also so in total there are
ten bits per byte a start bit 8 data
bits and a stop then because this is
eight and one the most common serial
format
and so to measure the baud rate
basically the the simplest thing to do
is to look at this period of 20
microseconds from here to here and say
okay that's about half so 10
microseconds which would be around 100
kilohertz if we were actually to zoom in
and and measure you can see it's kind of
a little bit short which means if it's
shortened period it'll be fast in
frequency it's actually in 1150 200 the
default baud rate of a Raspberry Pi
serial port if you spend a bunch of time
cracking open embedded devices and
looking for serial course you'll see
4890 811 5200 are like the three most
common ones that show up pretty much
everywhere so that's how a serial port
works and I have one last neat little
demo for you all right you can let go
jewel
[Music]
so currently you see two sine waves and
these are these are the same sine waves
that are looking at earlier there's
nothing special here on this fancy
signal generator though I can take them
and I can slowly delay one of them so it
doesn't quite line up and you probably
like why is like oh boy it was guy
turning it on that's not that exciting
what gets more fun about this is that
this oscilloscope supports changing out
the axes so that we can draw stuff so
right now what's going on is that the
x-axis is one signal and the y-axis is
another signal and so as we start to
bury the day is the the relationship
between those two sine waves as soon as
we have a sine and a cosine which are 90
or 270 degrees how to pay is depending
on which way you're looking you actually
start to see a thermal which is probably
not particularly interesting but what's
cool about this mode is that you can
hook it up and use a sound hard to draw
I don't know if you guys have any
questions of oscilloscope basics I don't
have do that's the device with the
points over and over and over again so
the question is repeating the question
for the whole room is when you actually
do the hardware hacking basically what
do you just probe something and move the
device and the answer is a hundred
percent yes you kind of like if you have
some sort of indication of how the
device is booting will be it like an LED
that says armed or a screen that turns
on you wait that long
and you just probe it in on the board
and you'll wait now there are a bunch of
tricks like if you find four pins in a
row it's probably power you are in one
direction you are in another direction
and ground that is the the most common
four pin header that you'll find in an
embedded devices if you don't find one
of those or if you don't find some maybe
like just random other a connector that
you're interested in growing the next
place to look is immediately next to the
CPU look for like two points and that
will usually be Rx and TX which are the
one direction of the you are and the
other direction of the you are I don't
know that's that's kind of kind of about