I'm going giving like down super breath
any chance I'm gonna be very useful tool
that is in cali right now yeah awesome
stupid reddit a ok my knee brace network
and i'm gonna talk about dropped it
forget about it so get robbed is a
mainline school it's pretty much free
Loudoun County already now here we have
postgres is Jake based on it so don't
like I'm joining too much for it there
are instances are you soft so it hooks
public API usage we're sorry get rocks
uses k becomes public API in Korean
k-pop organizations so what if it is it
cold searches organizations and get
robbed and pulse with github repo
forever they use heal it so it's in
searching for certain flags and above
across stories what it rocks are you are
is credentials configuration files
secret keys email addresses a Jes and
more I'll show you some money to add a
bit later but what it does is its uses
information scared research is you doing
efficient security ops ii we're getting
pretty much do you'll tighten your
rosacea and you'll find out oh crap i
have findings on the site its shows
using passwords anything in there should
pretty much have to say not really a lot
of stuff up a stunning this publication
is on there and that's not going to add
so you will figure that really
furthermore you use different various
purpose obviously if you have all this
information from cedar keys to using
passwords you can do major damage
let's say I had a scripting from staff
at and I can decrypt Public
Communications like you get the vacuum
of your hands now 22 pretty much do
anything with one good with it what you
want the only disadvantage of it Rob
it's mainly hung with vines right now so
I get through some that have 400 plus
findings in them you're Canadians are in
either each of them and see it means of
them a lot of them don't get high knee
deep into something it will show it just
goes in piles if it is a dump file or
log file it shoves it up i love it and
but and then you're necessarily won't
have it so sunny okay set up in cow is
easier to do it you can get least is
real but County it's pretty simple say
you just taking the top and I got you to
that did this all other and then if you
map get installed and then another
gemsbok drop so one thing you do have to
do is sign up for me up when you do it
and threw me get the excess of personal
token at all you do is generate opening
all it for me one for it and after you
do that you start post dresses we will
give a start-up and all you do is
creating user you want to be a super
user create Casper after that when you
create a database and you can get a
script in line after that you computer
you have it rocks are and how you doin
that the form using the database is
called using password and then put
cutting you put in your personal access
token and from there then you can really
get up you free becomes repositories for
organizations up in there
so what it does after that is it say
goodbye to Khris Khris as feel database
amongst local to have a web server super
one yet results they have some really to
interface and go through looking any of
them you see the user's own it's gone
too busy just bringing everything right
in front of you but like i said your
command will help you also it's not that
easy to draw sword in looking at koh
phangan by a particular step small map
so could you have I don't always keep
paper with this when I do it bring the
internet so that's not what this does is
image goober that's what I moved to the
frequent this and you can also get
results like this most matches in my
mind's not I just get a realm of them
anywhere who is that is going for
building okay so this is what that you
finally look like I just have a stranger
from on it earlier so as you can see
reddit's on your right has 143 findings
yahoo has 300 x so you can see that's
going from repository so young at six
months 7765 Missouri's drop that's far
from and resulted in tyranny if I
findings so all of these are not good
some money who have enemy but about a
new off and usernames and passwords in
them and so you have my name is you
pretty much want to go in there fix up
their way so much which is that pretty
much consists of local can see this and
this is this every year right now so you
must even stuff on here and you probably
take care of that is not the best idea
to add this on there hopefully hits it
some sort of executive members you need
to even about me
delivers smc credit people have 60
findings imply an ebony into the resort
there so now i will show you in action
so you're a carnal it's alright so i'll
show you in action verse once you get
Ross it up all you have to do is I mean
get robbed dash the leading
organizations so you put in here not
everything will show up is of course yes
from that but you can do there anything
so in this case I'll do vml since
they're a local company oh I think your
buckle with your turn around the country
so it's like that I'll show you guys
just was the configuration and prepare
to the SQL databases the file patterns
and neglects the organizations across
stories so now if we leave early even
bigger across right now this trips 13
hub agencies it's a wedding usually
anchor here not help what's gone out of
there it will just keep putting this and
won't it's now will you look Lou users
files and see they have even in that
should be in there my class so I will my
sis yeah oh this is bryce 10 good luck
for something here we want it hunger to
abuse alcohol
we don't want to go good talk of a
property's either so get off this year
this is your first time speaking in
second a season you have a drink but so
that smells delicious and looks plenty
more inside thank you let's settle here
for a precise figure so we're saying are
there any members from risk analytics no
okay that 26 findings don't if you
through these yourself because there's
some stuff in there which isn't a great
and I'll show you some but actually have
been a TV person starter LOL gets her in
we're all these mansions they're
volunteers girl parts in rabaa keys it's
not about us nothing that's in Jacob
settings let's see with him here but we
did any evening pastor right here's a
big ability at all let's further there
there on the more than shovels because
its controller here's the secret key
right here and it says right here so the
Arriba right now yeah is it a secret of
linear C ship your prob simply with is
right here and the top second degree
let's see what's in here keep circling
going thank you why so it shows I can
use my familiar but since if it's a
configuration file get run off and
automatic and pay something's wrong with
it so it's mine you think native
external filter comments or she
specifically using circa so not
necessarily something will be honored
but just because there isn't so like
here we have a username password knowing
so again I need you need you Smitty I
don't know a kind of acting itself using
default ridiculous for yourself keep
tracking with her nails and see
that you yeah names I mean your art say
crackers are always in the center no-
libraries a little dirty similar so
after she's after be no runs it opened
up sista up web server and get you more
Erica GI DMX 1750 syrup on it before 90
90 degree so you free admittance and
settings of you I in repetition
a little stuff in it so it's just a lot
so you see the right here it's good to
have the extra muscle pains is
also get sick again I mean they're just
throwing another wer for anything that I
mess up there at all and if UV index
will begin mean this is just fixing
something clinking on your first 180
publications this is a terrible it's
going to get an acting like the top here
put it thank you can get a GPS spot so
yeah penis just terrible if NASA and my
findings apart anyone call for this they
have done seven years I found pencil is
war I'm health care so does the moon
lander proclamation me some of that can
be brought in out is on here they kept
username making money at Pasadena's for
them thanks i'm absolutely being
artistic so it shows this or
certificates or near private key it's
right there even a password for variety
this is just ridiculous at all it's not
needs to go away we'll see if they
change it and just I mean you can see
scrolling through your he'll be right
here it's it's a lot eligible items the
denomination this is getting through you
can just second something for talking
about every row you have to go through
each one these account combination
valuation there's just so much
information here it's sealed away that
it's just white like I give off Louise
use that's unread strip Solomon born
okay but it'll bought anything Abel's
out I said SQL files RAR files anything
here that this handsome to God it will
find resolutions and flexin this is only
for hopefully facing solely from poked
with a saying hip-hop beat the
repository so but Michael uses a brand
indeed a professor so it's not so
perfect probably the same if you do not
want to shout louder if you have stuff
showing up on here really yeah this is
pretty much and you use it however you
want for your own usage pretty various
uses that's all to you before garments
on here I tried within the rights of
your background but luckily nothing
showed over there and we see books
Spotify as logging to has a lot Twitter
obviously has a turn if you guys off
easy back recommendation it's an either
secret difference in here yeah which I
so they had three songs yeah but that's