thanks to talk Leon are eat my financial
box not actually we'll talk on a kali
linux cool but it was a mixup on nice to
be more of a flash on something that
kind of spawn from class that I took it
did african stances after type 31 of the
pen testing courts today too I have a
song but one little think of your movie
and on a command injection on the
website so I'm not really going to be
talking about that particular plenty of
resources out on the internet to
introduce you to command website without
the patient testing a man injection from
but everybody is an injection through
the page brought up what's that unique
kind of the tool bitterly about is once
they get in there going to try to go
King time you get a cycle from an actor
to check one how you know that a web
server is you you're able to give me an
epic hang out able to make it to things
that's really not intend to do so of
course they only goes for unix one of
the things that's but the best program
in communities one of the pitfall is you
add it is you pull that a manager
talking charging and you get taking diet
course if it's usually pretty back pain
apps running Thomas's options have run
propane to make it explode answer number
of fans and units are bigger balloons
not sample so think about this pic stead
of town
that work well I started looking out and
said okay so nslookup is the same since
and utility relativistic mass itself
works on both Munich side basicness look
up as you see it here really what you're
doing is being nslookup a little bit of
banter from up here based on this Blanco
that they look II knew me in five years
so that if it would be a little bit
excited you're trying to get to that I
was great so they can make the command
injection successful you got to hear
what you do then is still don't know you
have that that you know you're not still
really know looking at my back I don't
want to put those box it's this action
to prepare or not this web skirt
were running on windows box how I tell a
little bit we follow this man boob you
can issue essentially a man shell
variable that make sense in Windows
doesn't make sense to linux box for unix
box however edition is going to go an
issue that is going to try and look make
that look up based on me the fill
variable attribute windows all have pink
hue percent what percent that gives you
post the time just mad lion said
response practices we doesn't bring
everything from higher than that five
the next week gives you the music record
of tea that means nothing analytics is
however if you are actually too own
domain
that ticking the box when he beat me
back believe you're doing finish give it
a try you can issue that to a domain of
hackers could it off whatever you long
you said that this is me you're watching
those locks in you see one or two things
that I've listed right here you either
see windows at t minus under sprint or
you might have to get the command
variability issue from linux box with
unix box up or 71 x % nope a computer
the nice thing is noted here the latest
arrest for these % r cloud and maintains
ironically percent that comes back
boarding windows microsoft put in effort
to try and get machine dings be able to
transpose a dns van they kind of a dear
mrs eeyore on XP give you information
into up until that time not essentially
allowed so which can you of course is
you at the command a txt / nslookup hit
that back yeah I did you can pleasant it
so it had if you have a box party in the
system that you're using pivot your
acting you usually have a fit when
trying then tacked to the web server you
can actually did use that I hear it that
you can actually this be sort of query
course did that time if you might be
pointing in a phone box acute of it is
not money in a sister or set that up
next
bad luck you three have said that and I
am in summary and all this is a
fantastic you're going to technique next
week on New Year's not generally going
to be noticed by your administrator dns
lookups are all called 24-7 all time
every day leverage is targeted folks
left by you / make the next step going
to the US the same to tell me what you
are next time you verified a part of a
rose petal panic connectivity there's
another game we're using their the next
thing looking at the very bottom panic
there and what I'll actually about as
you're using the target its own
environment to letter to a fast
connection remember the bullet is just
to figure out is going to work on the
bottoms it administrator with the
network admins have all the court blog
saying that much sugar doesn't need to
do X Y or coconut or how that you can't
get ready for pick pretty compact you
propose you can use to protect the
environment interaction your own
environment around that three there so
it's been say that clips curvy women say
I'm the next my inexpert minus rivers
would send that request how to the
internet even though you're not getting
threatening from that post back both you
are actually getting created getting a
command and it is not happy they mated
how this all started again plus you're
not eating any work in process system
accessible work died guys it's not
successful something difficult some aged
bottle somewhere and and it doesn't
that's really about it go to the wiki i
will put bit ly to this up there i'm