[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
this is the largest so we and help with
thank you
daddy needs these are serrated just so
you know we welcome everyone to come in
here but we want you to know that this
is a safe environment with a lot of
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] talking so you've been warned if
you have conversation that you want to
have and it's implicit or you're they're
symmetric talking right behind there
there's the little bar roll that's
called to shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up over you want
to go back there have one of
conversations you want we'll do that
here a minute that being said you know
we do have a code of conduct here if
something is happening that you don't
perceive is a good thing or if you're
getting grass or if something else is
going on like people taking my pictures
I don't know why I need a yellow badge
so there are people here who are
established as the go to contact members
this is an example then we'll give me
one because you know we're but if you
see yellow badge
that's review you should reach out to a
few a problem look everyone to feel like
this is the place you can come together
and you know bounce ideas off each other
and make sure this is a safe way so
there's somebody being a dick you know
yellow car find somebody we will help
you the reason why I may get pizza and
everything else is because we use a pen
right is a good platform for us know how
many people actually got come out was it
last month with month before we had 270
people if we had not many people you all
better not eat pizza so it really it
really helps us to know how many people
ever would be in the event wheeler know
how many people are going to be able to
give back to the community we learn on
we're going to be showing up so if you
can get your tickets out of that bright
it just gives it more momentum for us
going few little things we're gonna do
here because if we show up in there's a
lot of pictures if we show up here
there's not going to be 15 people who
are getting you know badges or the
tickets and there's going to be
something like the set K sequins where
there's a wallet for a cryptocurrency
under all the tables that not be see if
we're going to not play into that so do
yourself a favor go to their bright sign
up for the stuff just make sense
so everyone here like I said it's BBQ
[Music]
see many different speakers we want to
reinforce the adage that you challenge
ideas not people there are things here
that people are going to say hey that
stupid don't do that don't attack the
person attack that here tell my stupid
we're telling us brilliant whatever you
want to do we want to be a community of
teaching and learning from others we
want to make sure that this is the best
you can see sitting in folks that can be
a couple of them those impacts of their
work we're all bats like you know
buscador with the greatest Linux virtual
being the change that you want to be by
volunteering now that it's 2019 we want
to read sentence things people been
doing for volunteering for the last
seven years we want new blood doing all
people think of ideas the way that you
can do that is through the the website
said Casey dot work / connect there is a
there's a there's a war on there we have
bags for curved volunteers as well so we
want to make sure that that people are
coming up and filling out those roles
and being a part of the protect Casey
that you want to see for the volunteer
side so make sure you can do that also
on the connect side you can join the
slack channel slack is an excellent way
outside of said Casey to continue to you
know interact with people make sure that
you're going to the channels and chill
that you're embracing ideas and that
you're pulling cloning the noobs and
remarks a lot of stuff that you know
they're vetting them so this is another
thing that we offer on the the slack
Channel is the jobs if you're seeking a
job or if you have a job opening there's
a lot of benefits whether have this
community wall in more places that we
can talk about the jobs that are being
offered about 18 15 years experience
their entry-level position we all
understand that but it's there so one
thing that we need to do that we are
going to continue to do this year is we
said people come up and talk about the
jobs that are opening or the positions
that are looking for after the I think
it's the first speaker after your copper
goes then gets this talk behind the
board over there there's going to be a
meet-up where people can talk about jobs
they're gonna be all that they need so
[Music]
[Applause]
I get seething but we really want you to
the hallway during this space it's the
third space that we've been in so we
want to make sure we continue to come
back with open arms these three little I
destroyed my data maintained over
citizens and above all do no harm
this will help ensure that this is a
safe space movement within continue
learn and we're invited back so count
that there tonight good that this is
just a courtesy thing like I said there
people are going to be up here and
they're going to talks we want to make
sure that if you have a conversation its
private should be a suggestion box if
you have any suggestion hit up some one
over the other badge with a suggestion
in the suggestion box totally more set
Casey if you'd like to see a specific
talk author specific guest whatever it
is give us suggestions because we're
open to these hearings want to say Casey
meetings
[Music]
we do not maintain a list there's no
persistent to be having regard to roll
call or anything
the security focus time to bed so if
you're trying to get into the empathic
space or you want to talk to more people
or network these are some other pretty
good things even do to at least get in
space there what what no just places man
all right okay see in the the
appropriate check out the throat so if
you're on social media or if you just
want to you know this big spring can
somewhere I don't know a second seed so
that we can go to and you know either
activate that through our slack channel
or just know that you're trying to get
the yellow spots so so this is where you
are now this is 101 next time and March
when you get the boardwalk it's make an
excuse time so they make an excuse to
get down out of there after this would
be the end open-source intelligence
briefing 631 want to talk about the
mentor program which is a new thing I
think this year we're also going to have
some bad parents come up the top for
people to make the leaky badges or say
Casey poor b-sides for fun you know Eric
Rob's going to here with you are here
which is talking about how do you get
into presenting in security conferences
and then malicious hardware and chair
environments of caesarian there we got
sweet Casey pins
[Music]
later
[Music]
and server again you can copyright scams
going on so there they have you have a
cool YouTube channel it's easy enough
there's no one to file a DMCA claim
against you and extort you for money and
then not be able to refute it so that's
your daily dose of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] collections
one through five or at least collection
one that's an interesting reading
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
see see these anymore
really so it's crazy that I see these
two things as what was this trove of
[Music]
like research out or no fancy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
volumetric DDoS attack occurred or the
last buck so consumption millions of
packets per second so that's what you're
looking at here umino released a report
on the 2019 state of security and
authentication some really shitty stats
here was at 55% don't use to factor at
work 67 don't at all 69 people [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
who use passwords so this is a spark
light bulb spiral use air quotes is the
inside
[Music]
Bryan clips talking about a government
shutdown and he'll put security in the
United States
long story short when you get paid
through a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bunk you don't want to
stay with your employer so you go
somewhere else then they have to train
above the law
we have an interesting blog post on
medium from a gentleman who shows us how
we maintain persistence using two-factor
authentication this is one of those
files that access three issues in
particular here this one's kind of if
you folks something too private for good
that the owner kicks you out you can
still maintain access to that the other
two
[Music]
today all you need is to view a
specially crafted PNG files so have fun
surfing cat pictures Android people and
have fun [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] patches because of that
[Music]
there
[Music]
according to so this one is allowing you
to take a look at your cables as you can
[Music]
supermarkets this show they both show
that 7,500 they actually found its don't
[Applause]
[Music]
yes
[Music]
looks much much much different than he
did last month I guess he is in disguise
as a business person and perhaps a
manager I don't know where there is a
cellphone holster on his belt right now
[Applause]
perhaps the one introduced a mentoring
program it's a new initiative they're
doing here at SEC they say and the
premise is really simple we're going to
help people help themselves grow its
assignment for somebody who really loves
security just getting involved maybe
there is still maybe they have the air
to it but I see under their belt and
they have no idea what the next step is
so what we're doing is preparing that
people in the larger position tester who
are a fantastic rewards report people
who are maybe their pentester made of
their and some kind of analyst they say
hey I have this skillset have the chief
man I had the GFC I have the CISSP or
whatever it is they partner up with them
and help them set usually one two three
sparkles over the next six to twelve
months and say if you want to be a pen
tester this is the next thing you want
to do the SMART goals are specific
measurable attainable realistic and time
granted they're the mentors serve as a
resource to help them find stuff that
they may not know about like cyber
barrier free books or great YouTube
videos of different flavors that they
experience and things that they have
done along the way there the mentors are
free it's not something that constant
things are just people who have been in
those positions maybe they had a little
trouble getting there themselves they
wanted to help somebody else not have
that the same kind of trouble finding
the spots of knowing that or knowing or
not knowing where to go that sort of
thing so but they're just area people
who to give back what it's not it has
done a job placement service sorry it is
some of the mentors will
issue to their network and that it's
great if they're willing to do that but
the main purpose is really to provide
them with the tools and resources that
the new team would need to go out and
what a job themselves we do want to set
that expectation upfront but at the same
time sometimes there are people who will
ensure the networks that's correct the
mentors are there for large scale
concepts they're there to help guide you
in a direction they're there to help
show you the resource and say hey this
is a certainty and this is the
experience you need learn about docker
learn about Ross top ten or whatever it
is the case may be but they're not there
to really get in the minutiae so if
you're looking for like private lessons
probably not the best resource but
nonetheless they can help point you in
the direction of the right resource how
can you have a lot of new faces when we
introduced this it was less than a month
ago and we're up to like 25 different
pairings right now so there's been a
huge response overwhelming response we
need a lot of mentors right now we lot
have been teased which is great I think
people are taking charge of their
careers they want to go up they have the
ambition they have the drive that just
needs someone to help kind of steer them
in the right direction so the more
people that are willing to mentor them
the better I also had a question
recently can you be a mentor and a
mentee absolutely if you're a mid-career
professional maybe you're an analyst or
maybe you do this for you know for five
years or something you're still on the
move I've been the CIO position or
Director position
leadership position you can still help
other people who are you know helpdesk
or am into their systems engineering
they want to move to a security engineer
so you can be both a mentor and a mentee
that's absolutely that's fine it's great
we strongly encourage that and I
wouldn't want anyone to say well I've
been doing this for a couple years so
I'm not in a position to help of course
you want everybody here is somewhere on
their journey there's always somebody
behind you that's not quite where you
while we encourage you to reach out and
finally if you are the mentee once you
reach your SMART goals
we strongly encourage you to give back
to the SEC KC community because we're
here for you guys you guys will build
this group if you want hurt the
individuals here within the group the
group would would have nothing so
anytime there's an opportunity to give
back and you have the time and ability
to do that that's a fantastic thing
thanks now have a good evening
[Applause]
well
[Music]
[Applause]
so this is the set KCDC 27 bench call
for designs about us their best by dates
bill badges for fun that profit way
making anything off this shift the
problem we have amount of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ideas
all right I need your help
we wanted a kind of crowd source is
designed to the group this is your back
this is for you guys all right this is
for Def Con is get out there that show
them the we got we will use the same
bathroom maybe use the last couple of
years
ESP 32 and then we're use the same
theory that we used last couple years
where we're going to make this a hakama
badge we're going to make a badge that
is pretty basic maybe got some blinkie's
here's something once we've done but I
I need some people to give us a chopped
joining the DEF CON 27 - channel in
slack and then show up Saturday Saturday
at the Johnson County Central Library
from 9:00 to 10:30 we have the car back
let's fill that thing up come out there
and brainstorm don't have come over just
the craziest ideas you have for badge
designs and that's building some of the
constraints okay we don't have a lot of
color choices we can do two colors
really easy three if we're using the
copper and the solder if we use the
default batch color so that's constraint
there is it's not going to be
multicolored you know about what we had
last year so bring your ideas a couple
months at best
let's make this cool after the release
say for you guys to start developing on
it coming up with some cool
functionality
come on man that's all I got
children the channel the the badge
channel on slack DEFCON 27 badge come
out Saturday talk to us over there that
booth give us some ideas let's get
together and let's come up with some
cool ideas to make this thing go alright
thanks
[Applause]
[Music]
and introducing scent and the process of
actually developing and we're sending
[Music]
for people to do the same thing we're
doing tonight
[Music]
pure acceptance of judgment of imposter
syndrome
[Music]
stranger
[Music]
what's the most effective slides that
you can build what is the most effective
as a presenter what kind of tools do you
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
what is the most interesting Network
device that you've picked up off your
network
[Music]
[Applause]