so we're going to a different direction
and I have three things to get take care
of right off the back here one I had to
change 90% of this talk right before I
came here
lawyers advised me mainly because I have
patents that were being awarded because
of this - I'm not trying to call out
anyone or showcase anyone and I'm not
being paid to advertise but we will
cover some name brands and some things
and three this information I'm not
trying to scare people with but it's
available and these are technologies
that are being used now so with if you
need to get a hold of me I'm not going
to go through Who I am something around
for two decades in this business and
finally after the talk this talk will be
posted up on github later this evening
so we're going to go in a different
direction completely with what you're
used to on DNA tracking and before we
get into that how many of you hand your
password out to law enforcement or how
many of you give your password or
credentials to others we're going to
talk about stuff tonight that's
basically the same equivalent that most
of you probably already have done that
with
realizing to get started just briefly
covering this we're going over
biometrics and biometrics are basically
anything originating from the human body
to be used as a marker an identifier and
now we have DNA falling into that mix
and how many of you have done DNA
testing anyone submitted out there you
have basically given your password out
to individuals you've given your
credentials out to people you've given a
very unique identifier out to
individuals the one thing about this
we're not going to go into this too much
that's a whole nother talk that we found
out about these services these services
there's a lot of problems the best one
is we found most of them used flash as a
plug for their service the other use
other services and when a construction
that is not secure but we're not going
to get into that one of the biggest
things about all this is they don't
really manage your data well they also
if you read the EULA that they give you
this is basically for entertainment
purposes and they're not really giving
you accurate results nor do they pretend
to most of them you pay for
however there's quite a few of them out
there that I'll pay you in upwards of
four to five thousand dollars for the
results that you submit to it because
they sell those to a variety of other
individuals however for this time we're
going to be talking about is this is
information now that is becoming used as
your password as your Margaret as and we
have identified
you and accessing systems now it's also
being used to track you in a whole
nother level
so whenever basically be talking about
is night here we only have about twenty
minutes
is keeping yourself safe as things are
changing with technology how many of you
have gone to a trade show or convention
where they have a 3d scanning and they
3d scan you and do like action figures
and stuff do you know where that data
goes do you know what it can be used for
like the chess pieces up here there is
hacker chess where people scan pictures
of hackers and 3d to be used and printed
as chess pieces that's cool not saying
anything against that but that's the
information that you need to unlock say
an iPhone or other computers a whole
other litany of things can be done with
that now you need to pay more and more
attention to your biometrics as you
proceed along in this world and that's
not just what we think about
fingerprints and other things it's your
weight it's your gait it's video footage
of you and a whole litany of other
things and now we have DNA the number
one thing is to keep into control of all
your data so taking note of little
things that might be convenient like
that self checkout line at the store it
has a camera and a litany of other
things that monitor you and what
information you have about you that may
be conveniently you might want to skip
out on that so we're gonna get the DNA
tracking DNA tracking is not new and
it's implemented in more places then you
can think about what DNA tracking is is
you're allowing something in the
production chain or just in the normal
what you'd have a Chain of Custody
to be marked with a
non viewable tag so what they do is they
take DNA markers of protein and they
will apply it to an object but that
protein is unique and stored in a
database with a unique identifier so in
an easier term they basically takes
something that they can spray on that
you're only going to be able to view via
a UV lamp or a certain detection device
that is going to glow or have a certain
indicator that is tied back to a very
specific tag you can very easily do this
to register your own tagging information
the problem with this is it's deployed
more stores and stuff a Tesco two years
ago in a little further back Tesco
stores you walk into the supermarket you
get sprayed with a DNA herb and when
they do at that point is they can do two
things one they can track you into a
helps of loss prevention the biggest
thing that they do DNA tracking for
Islamist prevention you think about a
bank they throw a dye pack into a bag of
cash when they're being robbed what
happens it explodes and that money is
now marked with the ink and the dye it's
not usable anymore it has to be
destroyed when you have a shoplifting
prevention at a store you have those
little diamond packs on like clothing so
when someone walks out and explodes that
piece of clothing is not usable anymore
it destroys the clothing or the object
that it's attached to with DNA tracking
you can spray or heart of the object and
it doesn't damage your teen the object
no one sees that there's not a visible
mark so for loss prevention it's a
concept you can track you can
tag your assets - so like your personal
laptops rather than putting up a big
huge tab on your laptop that says
property of fill-in-the-blank accounting
name you can tag your laptop with a DNA
indicator and have tracking and
everything there that you would with a
big sticker you also protect your
employees that way so you don't have a
tribution of knowing where they're at or
the front stores do abuse it to the
point of truth spraying you as you walk
in to track your movement around the
stores that's kind of creepy
so loss prevention again like I said
they they're able to tag everything with
a net mark or an indicator the other
thing that it's used for its prey
intervention these kits that they have
I'll show a little example out shortly
they have signs that you can post up at
the windows that say hey this is
protected by DNA tracking and protection
to help deter people this is really
great for crime prevention with you have
someone that breaks into a store they
get sprayed with the DNA whatever they
tape or stealing the spray - the DNA -
which gives the police a very unique
marker and a very easy way of catching
people and tying everything back in a
very nice neat chain of custody it is
kind of creepy but it's very cool to
play with so how it works is you can buy
a little kid you guys can do this now at
home it's a quite fun kind of kind of
creepy - you basically mark it with this
dye and it's clear it does not leave any
senate does not leave any indication
that it is
you can view it under a blacklight to
see what's there so if you were to take
a sampling of it it would show the exact
DNA and key sequence that you need to
mark up and imagine the database so if
you had say an SS stolen you could work
with long boards when you give them that
key and that information and they didn't
match that very easily but it's
invisible you don't have a tribution and
this goes on everything and as you see
in that corner picture there that's what
it looks like when you walk through one
of those sprays in the store now it's to
know that most of the stuff that you're
gonna encounter at a store is gonna last
maybe one wing to two weeks and it'll
wash off you're not gonna see it the
stuff that we marketed laptops your
assets with that can last up to two
years three years if not more we've
tested it for up to two years of time
without any wear tear on it's very easy
but it's very kind of creepy as you
start seeing that hey we're getting able
to start tracking stuff and a DNA lab
we're starting to use DNA to mark things
and booth things about stores we're
starting to track people at an
individual level as they move through a
store to see what they purchase and what
their purchase habits are so again a lot
of people have asked like how long it
lasts and whatnot or what does it look
like it's literally like a clear spray
or application if you're going through a
cornetist or you will not smell it see
it or feel it as it's sprayed down we've
seen everything from bass to fluoresce
and orange applicators or a little thing
that looks like a spray bottle that
you'll see at the entrance of a store
banks or other asset recovery or
they have individual sprays or
applicators that they could spray into a
bag of money or quickly or onto things
before they're stolen so as you can see
usually they're marked a lot of places
will put out stuff to market and say hey
we do this on site in crevices most
places they use this for crime
prevention see a twenty percent drop
immediately in crime after they do this
simply by the deterrence of people
knowing how it works and how fast and
effective that helps law enforcement to
track down and attribute things
literally if you've come into contact
with it whatever you touch it's smeared
off with that and they literally catch
you red-handed
so they will literally post most places
where it's at it's not like I said
usually a little Ridge barks or bass
barks kind of in the walk area where you
walk into places so the other thing we
found out which was very interesting is
someone recognized this of course so you
can find little kinda like paint pellet
balls with the stuff on it that they use
to mark people and crowds say for
protests or other things where they have
to control crowds they can spray this
out or hit individuals on a targeted
manner and thus follow them around see
how they interact and it makes on one
hand things easier for riot control and
place to understand and deal with a riot
from how it functions as well as to
attract people in a large setting so a
couple pellets would cover this whole
room it's pretty interesting we haven't
been able to get
all of one of these yet but we will soon
and that'll probably another talk but
again with all this my intent is to just
basically bring up and not warn you guys
like the boogeyman but let you know that
hey DNA testing is a very slippery slope
because now you need to protect every
single thing that your body originates
excretes or creates because that's a
unique identifier biometrics is no
longer just single fingerprints or your
retina scan or your voice pattern it now
extends on into much much more invasive
things and the technology is here now so
these kits you can go out and play with
and purchase and use very easily and
they are quite fun to start messing with
if you want to know a simple application
like I said before use it for asset
tagging if you have laptops for your
employees they always have the big tag
on it that says property have to say you
know CenturyLink if I'm at an airport as
a bad guy I can see where that might
worse I know much more about them I can
really directly attribute people or if I
steal that laptop I know exactly where I
came from where there's other laptops
from the third thing that happens from
that is putting those huge asset tags on
your laptops and company property really
diminishes the trust and morale with
your employees you can use the DNA
tagging to mark things without anyone
seeing anything and you have a direct
record of that
so there are doing applications of this
but there's a lot of really creepy stuff
afoot and the whole DNA tracking through
the applications and submitting your
results like 23andme
that's a whole nother talk because we
found many other websites we're very
flawed very open and
for not what you thought any questions
yeah what it is is actually a protein
sequence and so they'll give you a
protein sequence the question was that
the enzymes or what is it what is in the
composition it's a protein sequence and
what they do is they go through a
database and they'll be like hey five
against zero zero one and that's a very
neat protein sequence and that goes into
your spray only or your applicator and
then you can put it on all your
equipment or if you use it say like in
for shoplifting you know that if someone
was sprayed with this you see them
glowing in the dark under UV lamp and
you can directly sit there and have law
enforcement pull up the results from the
DNA sampling like you see the guy in the
corner there that's what you would look
like with that stuff look last about
okay the question was is it always on as
it always fogging his toys spraying it
depends now like in Tesco they haven't
set up in some stores with a UV beam so
when he walk into the store where you
would hear like a ding dong you know to
announce someone walking in they do a
little spritz or some places haven't set
up a rig for After Hours if someone's
going to break in bust in then it sprays
knowing that it's after-hours connected
to a timer so it can be employed in a
variety of ways but there's no one
that's gonna be constantly fogging a
place some stores which I won't mention
will have applicators throughout the
store and they spritz to you so they can
figure out where you've been what you
picked up what order so they can do
inventory embedder and they can track
and know where to place I'm started
that's it if there's no more questions
if you guys need anything come back and
see me I do have the our set up if you
guys want to play with virtual reality
and security training tonight
[Applause]