I'm Network each this is codex mafia
this talk is what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is toward him
so as jurist said like I don't think
anybody up until last year had been to
tour camp from basically from said KC we
actually had to register for this two
years in advance so tour camp has only
held every two years
so unlike Def Con where you get to go
every year tour camp once every two
years
this is stuff that doesn't happen at to
our camp this happens at or here so the
best thing about twerking it's not held
in Vegas so houdin's Vegas is the words
for you because it's not held in Vegas
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you guys so swore camp is held in
the San Juan Islands off the coast of
Washington and so it's a much much
smaller venue there's only four hundred
people they only sell 400 tickets to
this conference so unlike that con where
everybody can go this is limited edition
get in fact if you like sleeping indoors
do not go to a tour camp because it is a
camp if you have heard if you if
anybody's seen EMF cam or Shaw or CCC
this is a outdoor camp in this health it
a kind of a small resort and so there
are a few few cabins here and there but
basically you're sleeping in tents do
any of you like drinking coffee and
looking at a lake well good because this
is gonna be the best link of your life
and you get the internet with it and you
get a hatchet
this is basically Starbucks Starbucks
with a way better beer so one of the
other great things about tour can
especially any freaker's in the house
yeah there are a few of you so shady
tell I don't know if you've heard of
them
shady tell puts on a telephone network
at to work and and this is not just
there's a few self payphones around the
camp
you can get a DSL connection to your to
your tent you can get a phone line to
your tent and you can wake up and work
you can word i'll and waked up the
entire camp if you would like to and
those happen the the nice thing about
this is it's a great opportunity for
those who have a bunch of modems and but
sense to bring out that equipment and
actually put it to use and get the dust
they have BBS's stood up so you can dial
a post your warrants whatever you
whatever your does it for you they've
got a warrant they also have amazing tox
muscle people who go to DEFCON also go
to this anyone that has done a good talk
at everyone I'm sure has done something
even better at tortilla on top of it
they have way better hacking villages
they're more explicitly I can give you
more in depth one Clark acting per se
and you can definitely learn the drive
Tesla's from your laptop who's heard of
bunny did the xbox hack so bunny
keynoted for tour camp last year just to
give you an idea of the people who come
to this just like Def Con tour camp has
something for everyone
so who likes parties yeah so there's no
parties at to our camp but there it is
okay there are parties to our campus
matter of fact or games just one big
party with some workshops you know in
between so there are hardware hacking
villages there's a car hacking village
they have everything just just like you
would get an F phone you can get it into
as I mentioned at the top of the talk
it's only held once every two years
tickets are on sale now if you think you
might be interested I highly suggest
getting in on tickets now we have a
slack channel toward camp 2020
don't let hindsight 20/20 be your your
guide because you will miss out on this
if you're interested jump in that slack
channel we're going to we're trying to
get a contingent together we're gonna
get they there are a couple of cabins we
wanted to get like the largest one they
have we want to just take over we want
to have set a seed village that's where
camp next year so if you're interested
hop on the slack channel let us know
we're gonna we're gonna look at so last
year we come back swampy and I flew out
there but we're most likely going to
have a road trip for 2020 to be able to
take a bunch of gear out there with us
so again if you're interested hop in
there let us know look forward to having
a great representation and tour camp