the scripts that you can run uh a lot of
times after you exploit a machine you
usually get in as a web user and these
will kind of help you a numeric machine
do a lot of the work for you to look for
exports that might be out there um the
first one I'm going to talk about is
with security sift put out um the Linux
privilege Checker and so you can run
this as a web
user and when you start running this it
does lot of the work that you're going
to do normally
e e it's doing a lot of the work that
you normally do manually um looking
through
that grab my scroll bar here sorry it
dumps a lot of info for you here
it starts off talking about the Linux
jnel the host name and then starts
working through the network info um it
shows
you the mount results fstab different
cron jobs and the ownerships are
environment variables the users your
current
user um and then the nice thing is
towards the end of this script after it
shows you every
right
sorry it also enumerates every installed
application in the versions so you can
lift those
up I can't see the scroll bar from over
here
um and at the end of the script it gives
you some suggestions for for different
experts that might work on this machine
um the only problem is this script's a
little dated and so Hur Labs came out
suggestor
which which I have
here and running this um if you run it
on default it takes the output of name
minus r and tells you the different
exploits that might work on this machine
so this one's sort of up to date so
there's not a whole bunch but you can
level and it'll give you different
exploits and the reference to the
exploit database where the PC is going
to be
located um so that's it for the Linux
ones there's also the same kind of idea
machine the windows exploit suggestor
same kind of idea um someone else
actually made it kind of based on the
thing from contor Labs um this one is
kind of nice because if you run an
update with this it gives you an Excel
sheet of the most current known local
exploits um then if you are inside the
machine you just need to run a system
uh hot fixes and you can copy and paste
that
into uh just a text file and you feed
that into the exploit
suggestor and it takes a second to look
through how many people think this demo
well this should not cause any surprise
to
you
so it's here again for our first time
speaker
and so the nice thing about this one is
that it also references if there's a
medlo module available currently or if
it's located in export
database and so hopefully these tools
can kind of help you do a lot of the
manual work as
criation can just take forever um and
these will kind of help you out that's
all
ni