our final speaker because Sansa Casey we
like colleges of all sizes large
colleges small colleges colleges in
Columbia junior colleges in Lawrence so
with that I wanted to bring up
professor Hinton who is going to talk to
us about occupational fraud this evening
well let's give him a welcome to the
stage
I appreciate that and I also want you
all to know that I've got about eight of
my students here tonight and they have
told me that if you if they will get a
business card from somebody then they
can extra five points tomorrow so these
guys up here are very very hungry for
business cards I'm going to talk to you
about something very different than what
I've heard from the other two speakers
tonight I'm going to talk to you about
fraud I do I'm the president in Kansas
City a CFP which is the Association of
Certified Fraud examiner's and our
intent is to investigate fraud and try
to prevent and detect it we put out a
study about every 18 to 24 months about
fraud trends the last study came out
last October and I'm going to talk to
you about that I've got to figure out
these hand signals up here okay first
thing is my disclaimer of courses and
things I talked to you about they're my
opinions not necessarily those in the
University of Kansas so what we'll talk
about what is fraud the part that we're
going to examine what fraud losses and
trends are and then I put my abstract in
the middle of my presentation which I
know is totally contrary to everything
I've been taught for the last 40 years
then we're going to talk about what we
can do to prevent or detect fraud and
take questions and answers so I'll try
not to keep moving my head okay what is
fraud we're looking at occupational
fraud which is things done by an
employee or a contractor for their own
benefit so what I'm excluding is those
things would concentrate on a whole lot
about people trying to attack from the
outside we're into where things like
that I'm talking about that insider
threat that is so bad this is an
internal threat and it's not destructive
per se so I'm not talking about the time
of
Ursaring it demanded at the company and
goes and tries to destroy the database
or something like that the losses in the
study were six point three billion
dollars extract them to the whole world
they're estimating the total loss from
fraud per year to be three point seven
trillion dollars how many of you can
understand what three point seven
trillion is I'll give you an example the
total revenue to the federal government
last year was three point seven trillion
dollars you complain about your taxes
just as much as being lost to fraud it's
a huge number so the a CFP classifies
fraud and I know this is too little
degree but the main classifications of
their corruption frauds asset and
misappropriation frauds and financial
statement frauds then we have lots and
lots of sub schemes different ways they
look at it what we normally want to do
we're trying to stop fraud is look at
these different schemes and think about
them how they could happen in our
company you know what we might possibly
do against them most of us are concurred
about controls you implement controls
you do controls one of the premises with
most controls is you're trying to stop a
single person from doing it you're not
worried about in collusion well in this
case we're going to do the same thing we
still can work about single controls
collusion is a lot more difficult but
I'm going to talk to you about how you
might be able to get some of that found
also in your corruption schemes and your
SM misappropriation schemes
most of those are done by a single
person when it comes to your financial
statement schemes most of those require
collusion it's just too hard to do it
and keep it hidden without getting other
people to help you so I'm gonna collapse
to find these things two different ways
they're simpler ones called
off-the-books and ones called on the
books all the most games are very
difficult to do
because there's no paperwork to follow
up that's the same thing is when
somebody decides to come into the
convenience store why is it taking gas
hands the cashier the money they stick
in their pocket if they never bring it
up on the register that's off the books
on the other hand if you sold something
to somebody put it in when they tried to
pay out the receivables you pocketed the
cash and then rolled off the amount of
your receivables that's on the books
there's something to find something to
follow both frauds exist but one's a lot
more difficult to follow than the other
[Music]
so how do you commit fraud sometimes you
think this is difficult it's not my
favorite friar I investigated was a guy
wrote himself a check just sat down he
was a controller brought a jack you'd
think he'd get caught real fast right
it's a little bit simpler more
complicated than that because what he
had is he had a doorman account the
company had no longer been used in the
camp but he had like $40,000 of
outstanding checks in it
they were probably never ever gonna
clear so what make reconciliation was
done every month none there's no
activity on the books it's essentially
lived off the books because all those
chicks are out there so he wrote himself
a check for $5,000 and almost got away
with it another common one is people
cheat on their expense reports all the
time people will turn into receipt one
week with their meal ticket from a place
like this and then turning the credit
card receipt for the same meal on the
next week Smith's report or if you have
that wonderful little thing that says oh
we don't need a receipt if it's under
$25
how many taxi fares did the people take
the cost $24 how many times do they go
to McDonald's
charge out $24 because they stay right
under that limit and how do we find them
and is that an important if somebody's
stealing $24 something you're worried
about and when you go chase now and then
the IT related one something I hope fits
this bill or more is what happens with
the equipment you take out of service we
replaced somebody's laptop every three
four or five years where does it go the
county departments written it off it's
fully depreciated it's sitting in the IT
room taking up space gathering dust
did you properly sell it did you donate
it or did your staff pick it up and walk
out the door with it and sell it on eBay
simple frogs what's what gets a little
more tough and I'm talking normally to
people in accounting departments and not
IT like this but once you have the
company pay your bill it's not that hard
really
the company already has a vendor set up
like a Cpl bringing your electric bill
run it through the system do you know
how many companies yes we have approvals
for things that were purchasing but
things like utilities there's no
approvals required it's a normal monthly
bill they just expensive I'm gonna get a
little more difficult have accompanied
by your stuff one fraud I worked on was
the IT director whenever he wanted to
buy stuff he bought about three or four
times what was necessary for the job
nobody questioned him because he was the
authority nobody knew what the stuff
really was
they're not IT people but he had haven't
delivered input 3/4 of it in his trunk
and sell it on the eBay the other fourth
got put in there fraud's not that
difficult for then we get into few the
tougher frogs we got things like the
kickbacks and refunds how hard is it for
someone or 19 who's controlling the
spending to make sure that whoever he
buys the stuff from he gets 10% back
into his own personal account or gets a
free vacation to Hawaii those things
happen a lot more than we won kiting
kiting is another type of fraud that cap
is more in accounting but essentially
kiting says a check comes in and I want
that money so I take the money that goes
to accounts receivable and I spend it
however I happen to know that if I don't
cover anything that person who paid that
money in is not going to be happy in the
future because in the future they're
going to give a statement that says they
owe it and they know they've paid it
well I don't want that to happen so I
take the next customers money and use it
to pay off this accounts receivable say
he's not unhappy and that leaves me
another customer is going to get unhappy
in the future plus ending customers
whose other money I took but kiting is
essentially taking the current payments
on people and applying to other people
to continually keep hiding the money
you're taking third category ghost
employees the ghost employee if somebody
doesn't work for the company we like to
think all that I'm too tough because
somebody has to get into our payroll
system and they have to set this person
up and we've got controls to stop this
somebody has to review it but in a
simpler type of ghost employees find
somebody who recently quit but was fired
and hijacked their account go in and
hunt delete them to make them a current
employee and to change their direct
deposit to an account that's yours so
rather than take something that's
unusual
in your brand-new employ nobody's heard
of you somebody who's name is known it's
not going to raise flags when it goes
across but ghost employees exist very
similar to fake vendors beta vendors are
the same thing we've gone in and we set
up all these controls and said we're not
going to let you create a vendor that is
new because we're gonna have all these
people look at it make sure they exist
but why not find a vendor that already
exists and just make a few modifications
to make it yours find somebody that's
not being used very much ie we had a big
seminar down in Las Vegas last year we
set up vendors to pay in Las Vegas
they're already set up in the system and
we're not going back to Las Vegas for
three years so start running bills
through that name it happened happens
more than you wanted min and there's
lots of other payroll schemes that can
happen we can sit there and decide to
sit there change somebody's salary you
can have some collusion with your boss
to where your boss allows you to put
extra time on your check it's not really
here tonight you didn't work it what's
going to happen with all that you split
it with your boss he gets half you get
half how do you catch these things
there's lots of ways to do it we can sit
around and come up with different
controls and different things to look at
all day long but you're still going to
miss it
I like to relate this to trying to come
up with the perfect bonus plan how do I
kill off the bonus plan with anybody to
make sure that you do what's best for
the company in the long run normally
whatever I put in there you're going to
will do your work to get your bonus and
not getting to do your work to make the
bone the company and the best benefit in
the last category I have up here is
financial statement fraud this normally
happens with collusion because I've said
before one person is hard to do it and
keep it covered but a lot of times about
this when did you get into this without
realizing it so what's going to happen
here is we decide we don't have enough
money we don't have the profitability we
need this quarter so I come into the IT
person who said we've got to do
something different we're running them
too much expenses what I'd like you to
do is you know we're capitalizing all
the expenses of this new software over
here why don't you take some of the
people who over there working on the
help desk and charge them to this asset
that will reduce our expenses this
quarter make us look better and really
not hurting anything we're spending the
same money in their way it doesn't sound
like that terrible an idea so you go
ahead and do that but then the next
quarter things haven't gotten any better
we're still short of money so they come
together and ask you to do something
more than say we know what you've got
you've got your entire department here
all the networking people part of what
they're doing is related to this new
software we're developing we need you to
take all that cost and put it in there
and say it's all capitalized assets
we're moving stuff out of expenses and
onto our balance sheet to make things
look better when really the reality is
nothing that's different and if you
start refusing what happens well I'm
sorry but at last quarter you did this
how would you like that to go to the
newspaper that found out that you were
doing this last quarter if you don't
cooperate now it's going to be exposed
believe it or not most fraudsters are
more worried about publicity than they
are about going to jail they don't want
their friends and family and people like
that to know what they did they're much
more concerned about keeping
quiet so this is a graphic from the
chart about the distribution of dollar
losses it from this this is a three-year
chart I know you can't read it all from
back there but the frogs that were
discovered that costs the companies on
average of less than $200,000 was fifty
five percent of them that sounds good
but that also means that forty five
percent of them had losses of over two
hundred thousand dollars how many of you
could have like two hundred thousand
dollars in your budget to stop one fraud
a year it's expensive than those that
were twelve percent or two hundred
thousand dollars five percent six
hundred thousand we get down to the end
and it's sort of misleading but it talks
about a million dollars or more for
purposes of keeping anonymity in the
report
losses were capped at a million dollars
so that could have been a 50 million
dollar fraud but it was put in at 1
million dollars to keep from identifying
it but that a million dollars in war
fraud is 20 plus percent that's a lot of
money on there frauds that we did not
find second graphic is talking about the
median loss somewhere that but those
that were failing within six months only
cost the company $45,000 and then
related at 26 percent of the frauds in
total those that lasted 7 to 12 months
was $100,000 continues to increase and
those that lasted more than five years I
don't even need to say the man how did a
fraud continue for five years and nobody
detected
but it costs on average this is eight
hundred and fifty thousand dollars and
that remember that's capping those
really big ones and then my point is how
do we let any fraud go that long without
detection so how did we detect these
frogs would you like to think that I T
played a big part in that the number one
way we found out about it was a tip a
sometimes they include law enforcement
there that's a separate one but normally
that kind of a tip from another employee
or sometimes a customer offender that
related to forty 40 plus percent of our
total identifications of fraud what
happened to all of our work the second
most prevalent answer up there was
internal audit and they found around 14
to 16 percent of the frauds over the
three-year period management review was
it was the next caption what happened us
per second from the bottom her IT
controls
I defer was the first detection method
now if when I first saw that I was
totally disgruntled you gotta remember
that's fraud detection
that's not fraud prevention and we don't
have a figure on that it's me it's a
whole lot harder to figure out how much
fraud you prevented because there's no
way to count it
but the fraud detection was one point
one percent the only thing that was
better than IT was confession and the
confession is almost equal to us where
the person was so tired of doing the
fraud that nobody was gonna find they
looking at the fronts of
misappropriation of assets one of the
things here is I want to point out is we
can't find everything because all most
of these on the right where the dollar
values are bigger part of things that
are on the books but there are a lot of
frauds over here that are like cash
register disbursement frauds cash on
hand frauds those are going to be off
the boat of frauds and extremely hard to
find another example here makes you feel
the IT controls where we said we didn't
find very many of them the ones we did
find on average were within six months
of when they started and so the cost of
them was a hundred and fifty thousand
dollars the financial statement frogs
are the ones on the very far end and a
lot of those were notified by police
wouldn't it be nice don't you feel good
when they come to police comes to your
company to tell you that something's
gone wrong to tell you you've had that
bridge so here's my abstract why we're
here tonight talking a hundred and fifty
thousand dollars is a median loss to
these frauds that's a hundred and fifty
thousand dollars a year that you could
be spending to prevent one single fraud
in your company and how do you find them
it's an old story 1952 Donald Christie
came up with this fraud triangle almost
every single fraud contains these three
attributes pressure what does the person
need to get money it could be simple it
could be health insurance it could be a
divorce
it could be gambling debts but the
person needs some reason to get money
the second thing is rationalization you
can't just steal from somebody without
feeling like it's okay the
rationalization is still not that
difficult rationalization could be I
should have gone
promotion I needed a bigger ray she only
gave me two percent I should have had
five percent of a race and then the
third side of the triangle is
opportunity does that person have the
chance to do it and then opportunity we
can stop some of that by making sure we
secure things to where they can't do it
but the people who commit the very
biggest frogs are the most trusted
people in the company and they're
trusted with the checks signing their
chested with the wire transfers are
trusted with approving the payroll the
people who have been there who are
trusted you're not going to put controls
and stop that stuff somebody has to do
it but what we're trying to look forward
is these three traits and so many times
you talk to people who said oh I knew
something was wrong I knew that guy
couldn't afford those cars or think I
was always bringing in gifts every week
and given everybody the informations
right in front of us but were not awake
enough to look at it see him so what are
you looking for that's what we're going
to talk about in the next slide what do
you look for to see these traits and
what somebody's doing the next thing is
when degree forwarded and how to report
it do you have a hotline the number one
way we found this stuff that was by tip
where the tips come from hotlines phone
hotlines will have hotlines any way you
can do to get it a lot of companies have
hotlines and the employees don't even
know it
make it known that make them feel
comfortable using it designing those
protection mechanisms and design
detection mechanisms because the sooner
you can find the fraud the less will
cost you and the last thing is as a
culture the culture of the company which
we can't change for
matters a lot if you see that the CEO or
the CFO the top people are not very
ethical you're gonna have a hard time
pushing this all the way down because if
they don't care the employees aren't
going to care as much so these are some
of the red flags that you'll see in does
the presentation gets any oh yeah okay
presentation will be available to you
also you can seem later that first one
is living beyond their means these are
red flags it doesn't mean that person's
committing fraud but if you see
somebody's driving cars not normal for
what you expect their payroll to be take
a look at it if they move into a house
where they can do it if they're
constantly taking big expensive
vacations look at it does it mean that
their spouse doesn't make a lot of money
doesn't mean that they just inherited a
lot of money but it's something to look
at for investigation the second item is
financial difficulties water-cooler talk
who's struggling getting the divorce as
big medical bills can afford their cook
their daughter's wedding anything like
that look at unusually close
associations with a vendor sounds
unusual but when you go through their
expense reports if you're taking the
vendor to lunch and you're buying the
lunch something's wrong the vendor
should be buying your customers Lynch if
you're buying the vendors lunch is our
cake backing ball and it goes on and on
different things up here complained
about inadequate
but these are all the ranch flags you
should consider with people as part of
Yeah right right in the middle says
eight point eight percent of the cases
there was no behavior it's like
identified okay look at emails and this
is controversial because we got a lot of
privacy concerns but there may be ways
to go through the email and look at the
words and the tones and try to match
them to the triangle those behavioral
traits and say if somebody's got emails
that they're talking about money
problems if somebody got emails where
they're talking about giving gifts to
certain vendors or whatever that might
raise flags without actually reading the
email personally and violating some
privacy concerns but we need to consider
emails and the electronic text messages
within the companies the same type of
thing look at network logs when are
people transferring data if you look and
you've got employees who are
transferring large amounts of data
overnight what are they sending out look
at 30 internet browser usage are they
and even if you're looking at that
internet thing what if they're looking
at eBay all day long are they selling
your computer equipment on you look at
their computer usage patterns when are
they in the office doing things a lot of
times when you're looking at people
who've written checks to themselves that
they shouldn't have they're being
written on Saturdays for evenings or
holidays so look at those unusual
so I think with them staying time I'll
take any questions you got thank you
yeah I have a question about what might
classify is fraud so like say it's a
smaller company and the you know the
people of the big bosses they're kind of
the owners of the company with that like
at what point would that be fraud with
what they're entitled to do or not an
interesting question a lot of it depends
on what you're talking with it but
there's things like I've seen and in
companies that very deliberately
understate their inventory which means
if they understand their inventory their
understating their income at the same
time and to do that what are they doing
they're committing tax fraud if they go
the other way if they're deliberately
overstating their inventory therefore
overstating their income what are they
doing they're probably committing fraud
with the bank to show that they have
assets an income that they don't have to
support their loans the question can
come up a lot of times that I see is
what happens when you're at work and you
decide you would need a pencil for home
and you pick up a pencil and take it
home is that fraud technically yes if
your intention was to steal it it is
there but should somebody fired their
employee for stealing a pencil logic has
to take over someone earning and come
into that place does that answer your
is this town at the bachelors level or
the graduate level and is this part of
the general accounting program or is it
as specific to a forensic accounting
program to be honest with you that most
of my stuff comes from me being the
president of the Kansas City Association
of Certified Fraud examiner's this is
not specific to any program at Kansas
University we do have a cybersecurity
certificate there and I teach a class on
cyber forensics it talks about computer
forensics but that was not the gist of
my presentation I recall a few years ago
during the last economic downturn that
there was a generalized trend of Ian's
fraud within businesses has that tailed
off a little bit or have we seen a
little bit of an object of my video
leading indicator of other things based
on the last three years studies by the
ACF II it is maintaining fairly flat I
think there was a big tip as time tick
as people needed more money there was
more pressure on people to commit fraud
but at the same time we've had a big
uptick of people who are investigating
and prosecuting it a question comes up
as to how much publicity comes with each
fraud because we have lots and lots of
frogs that the companies don't want to
prosecute they don't want anyone to know
about so obviously we would not be in
this study and then consider your
numbers but as far as if you look at the
three studies have come about a five
year period then the percentages haven't
anybody else Klaus Hanke the professor
again