he's going to talk about small and
medium-sized business cyber stuff which
will apply for anybody and that is
working on very limited budgets with
cranky management's let's give a big
round of applause thank you it is super
cool to get to be with you guys tonight
and that wasn't actually a spot-on
introduction there because that is
exactly exactly what we're going to be
talking about so my name is Nathan on
slack I'm known as the fitness chicken
and we are going to look tonight spend
about the next 20 minutes or so looking
at the state of cybersecurity in the
small the medium business space now my
direct experience is going to be with
the small business aspect of that and so
I really can't speak directly to
organizations that are in that 250
employees on up but those that are below
that yeah we have simply can talk about
I don't like to spend a lot of time at
the beginning of a talk introducing
myself because ultimately when we get to
the end you guys are gonna decide you
know you're gonna you're gonna have it
you're gonna eat them behind total clown
or competent and I don't think there's
anything I can say at this point that's
really going to affect that so
ultimately I'm just going to tell you
I'm my kid's dad and one of my kids the
one that's in your what is that lower
lower right made the cookies tonight so
I was really proud of her for taking
that on and then bringing that so
anyways
she did good work
so Abby Abby delivered on that I want to
start off with some examples here so
let's kind of set the table a little bit
for what
cyber security looks like in a small
business and I'm going to be painting
this picture with a really large brush
tonight and I know there are exceptions
to this in this room tonight because
I've talked to some of you but yet let's
look at a couple of examples first off
this was a number of years ago I had an
owner of a company came 35 40 employees
something like that and he walked into
the office I was standing in he had a
cell phone in his hand and you couldn't
tell that he was on the phone and he
hands it to me he goes in Nathan would
you talk to this guy and I'm sure what's
going on he goes so he called me and
there's a problem with our website okay
I didn't know about this and and he's
trying to help me fix it okay you know
the red flags are starting to go up now
get this the next thing he told me was
he's trying to log into an account and
I'm trying every password I can think of
when we can't get it to work and I was
just like oh no like why did you stop at
yours did you try your wife's like why
are we limiting the scope of the damage
here first examples second example this
happened three weeks ago I got an email
from a lady that I work with as an
organization probably 30 to 50 employees
something like that just as Nathan is
this still our admin password sure the
next line domain admin password right
there in the email that's bad news but
it gets better I'm like well you know I
mean you got to acknowledge it so my
guess note to self time to change
password all that and then I realized
that there's a little fw on that email
chain I'm like let's see what the
history on this is ah so there's a new
employee the new employees running up
against a UAC prompt so we provided the
domain admin
in this email change to the new employee
to try to get past the UAC prompt guys
that's the state of cybersecurity and
small businesses now so when you are
sitting at Thanksgiving dinner and uncle
Ernie talks about how his auto body shop
is running you can realize this is
probably the kind of stuff that's
happening there our aunt sally's and
beauty salon it's a real disaster like I
like walking into a small businesses
seeing the iPads with the swipes on them
cuz I'm like okay I feel a little bit
comfortable but man if it's a Windows
machine like I wonder which card I want
to change out here because I'm going to
be cycling this number probably in about
three weeks it's just a really really
really bad news so let's look at the Y's
behind this anything there's three
reasons that cyber security is such a
disaster in most small businesses first
of all it's expensive it is absolutely
expensive I was attending on was that my
SSA meeting from a couple of weeks ago
and is presented by carbon black okay so
great product you know no problem with
him not making fun of them at all but he
spent the whole presentation saying
antivirus is dead we have a new model
right he's selling application
whitelisting can read between lines at
the end of the presentation I said hey I
work with small businesses how are you
what do you see in the adoption for
small businesses with this application
whitelisting okay Gremory antivirus is
dead oh if you have less than 100 seats
we don't talk to you but the good news
is that we just acquired an antivirus
company
what like really this is where things
are in I have longer than probably
recently they said we want to talk to
you bout your sock okay Mike well I
joined a club called a sock Club I get a
new pair every month just hits the
credit card that's all I know about
socks what do you know about them okay
we don't get cool toys like that in the
small business environment secondly
there is no compelling regulation now
I'm a fan of minimal rules let people be
adults and make the right decision I
know my worldview is very flawed but
there's no compelling regulation some of
you are probably sitting out there
thinking wait a minute what about PCI in
a small business environment when I walk
into an organization to help them with
PCI the whole goal is slow production
like we want PCI to have as little
effect on that organization as possible
everything possible that's out of scope
that's out of scope really you have this
if we do this we take it out of scope
you don't have to worry about it anymore
I had a conversation in a hallway with
an executive who's looked me in the eye
and said Nathan this PCI stuff is crazy
there's no way other businesses are
doing this we just there's no way like
we're not going down that road and I'm
like well actually I think other
businesses are but but it's just it's
not having an impact
same with HIPAA but with small providers
as well lastly minimal executive
influence maybe those are really quiet
tonight do you realize that really
really quiet that's okay but it's just
weird anyways you know if you work for
an organization like DST or Cerner
okaythat's isso or that senior
compliance officer they are grouped they
are picked because that is their passion
in a small business well you know IT
kind of falls under maybe the
administrative maybe the office manager
gets it and in cybersecurity well that's
maybe not quite as important as figuring
out how to provide a new computer to the
staff members every five years
like that's what you really are
concerned about from a bunch of
standpoint everything else is like well
we really don't have the ability to look
at that I'm gonna say weight percent
alone this is what six months ago or
something like that I'm gonna say cyber
insurance is actually making things
worse because now when I present
something to a client I say hey you know
can we talk about funding for this kind
of talk through they're like no no we
don't need to do that we have cyber
insurance like okay do you realize for
questions little checkboxes is what it
takes to get a cyber Rider against your
building policy for checkboxes do you
have a firewall I mean right that's
probably a helpful question but who
doesn't
there's no quantifying there's no
technology let's just have a firewall
like are you really bringing the
business without that yes you have a
firewall
do you have an anti-virus is it updated
that's valid because I worked at the
place not too many years ago now if any
of you work to remember on IBM actually
had an antivirus where the update
definition files were distributed via
floppiness via interoffice envelope so
it's a valid question do you backup I
mean literally four questions check
boxes there's no verification there's
nothing that pushes anybody towards the
best practice if you back up and you
have sort of an anti-virus
we're good and we'll write you this
policy and really most people don't even
know what their policy covers or what it
does for them so again it's really
almost causing more problems than it's
fixing now I think a lot of you were
like me because I see a lot of go to
these different conferences you go and
you said you you hear these
presentations you know what we've gone
through so far you've probably heard
before I get snot rocket science and
this point in a traditional talk right
the plane is kind of flying level we
start into a nosedive because we start
throwing around all kinds of technical
jargon like hey you know he fix this
defense-in-depth
okay I've studied for the CISSP I've
heard that layered security if you guys
weren't secure world then you know I'm
making fun of secure world keno with
that picture right there right we spent
our lunch time learning about castles
and secure role you know it just takes
us no sigh but let's not do that instead
let's be really specific amount of stuff
let's be really specific let's start off
with an example of something that
doesn't work two-factor authentication
right we all know this is a wonderful
thing it's a really good deal sure you
know we should probably avoid the whole
SMS because of the whole sim swaps in
that thing but it's better than nothing
but maybe because no matter with
acronyms than I am but you know we can
do the app and we can do the time-based
token based or whatever that acronym is
and then it's free and we can train our
user and had to do two-factor
authentication okay hold that thought
Microsoft made 270 plus a million
dollars on office recently like the
article I was reading didn't heavily
quantify that a lot of that's last
fiscal year when that was or anything it
made a ton of money and of that you know
they probably invested like 180 K in
developing new versions of office what
is the flagship app in Microsoft Office
it's outlook right everybody runs
outlook and I know we got a lot of Linux
users in this room okay you guys are
probably running money I'm really proud
of it but we all know that when you are
ready to redline productivity like when
you are really gonna crank the work out
you go to Windows VM up and you run
outlook I mean everybody
Outlook Outlook does not work with
Microsoft's two-factor authentication oh
it works on webmail but who uses office
365 webmail if you're doing webmail
you're a G so a user it's irrelevant so
it really only applies to the admins so
if we try to start walking down and
providing enhanced access and we have to
have a conversation with users on
application passwords hey here's how to
factor works but it doesn't work here so
I have another password can I take it no
you can't pick it it's got a gender why
can't I think it well because this other
password you have this other password
and that's linked to to factor when you
have a different password yeah so can
where can I use this patch we use it
everywhere what can I write it down on
and you're not gonna remember it if you
mean it's like it's just this downward
spiral who knows how to create
application passwords and office 365 is
not that hard but having that
conversation with an end user that
doesn't get security that doesn't get
virtualization that doesn't get all
these terms it's a spiral it's a
downward spiral so this is an example of
how something that a small business can
afford doesn't even work for them like
we can't even to factor in Outlook which
is a pretty critical application now no
this is not a solving so as in I take in
the sole and then what do we do cyber
security is not on the radar you know as
an IT as an IT consultant in small
businesses I'm pretty much told hey
Nathan go do a good job so I'm gonna say
that there is this gray area that there
is this slack space that I operate in ok
is not heavily regulated it is not
something where I'm being given granular
direction like if you're in a larger you
know you're working in a knock or a sim
or something like that I mean your job
responsibilities are pretty nailed down
small businesses are totally different
totally different there's a guy that's
an IT provider for a local company that
is
it's a fast-food restaurant so he is
highly valued as the IT provider for
them until one of their chain
restaurants has somebody callin at lunch
and then it used to dispatch to make
sandwiches and then he's pulled back off
that and he's put back on his very
valued job as IT provider for this
organization small business is just
different so how do we can so if you're
me what do you do like how do you move
this bar for so we're going to go
through and we're going to look very
specifically again not rocket science
but below hanging through what are the
things that I walk into an organization
and look for if you're in my shoes you
likely can come up with like maybe seven
of these nine things like if we just
watch a you know what do you like to
look for what can you do these are gonna
be things that you can do in a small
business to actually move that bar
forward without a mandate from
executives without really nice capital
and I'm operating funding just things
that you can kind of clean up as you go
first of all let's get rid of local
admin this is a total given in most
organizations I know some of you here
have managed to get that with moved from
your users but this is a really really
tough thing
so a really tough thing to do because
people don't like to hit walls so let's
drop below the lab but how do you do
that I have struggled with this like
literally this is a wall I banged my
head against over and over and over
again the way that I have found to be
most successful you have a new user
starter okay you're usually going to be
you know nice to introduce yourself hey
you know you're getting them settled
into their computer and then you tell
them hey I'm going to let you run wide
open for the first couple of weeks while
you get settled into your computer and
then because you're productive and you
use outlook you're gonna make a reminder
I don't think you can do that in that
can you anyways you're gonna make a
reminder to read this
user in two weeks and you're gonna gank
ogle admin from it you tell them that
you go go you keep it running I don't
you know just kind of getting settled in
your computer so I'm gonna tighten this
up a little bit and I'm gonna I'm gonna
make this a little more secure for you
let me know if you have any issues at
all I want you to be 100% successful
here but I don't think you're gonna
notice you ain't see prompts they're
gonna come up it's absolutely gonna
happen but you've communicated and you
have worked this in I haven't found it
virtually impossible to remove local
admin from existing staff and
particularly in existing executives like
it just doesn't work but you can do with
new staff often if you're if you're not
successful with it what about domain
admin ah well this is a lot of fun like
domain admin is just sort of the company
directory it's probably the management
directory for this organization because
everybody's in there like nobody knows
the power like we just need to be able
to reset passwords
oh you delegation is totally foreign so
let's clean out domain admin okay this
is another thing people just want it to
work
domain admin works in small business
that's the formula we just wanted to
work domain admin just removes the walls
right why don't we want to mess with
groups and sharing and all that kind of
stuff the other thing I'm gonna say
that's ultimately very critical in this
is get to know this organization there
are so many stories I remember one
company in particular that I came across
this little daus program that was used
for an ACH okay that's fine but it was
only used for ACH functionality in
payroll time that was a pretty big deal
only has it work who runs this who knows
anything about it too even contacted the
bank for this No
so really dig into that organization and
find out now before you laughed at me
okay I'm gonna blame NIST on this
because I'm just doing some research for
this and this is literally one of their
leading thingses and a small business
from a cyber security standpoint in 7621
says you surge protectors okay that's
great
what about deal need data loss
prevention again people that small
businesses don't like to hit walls they
don't understand it because they're all
powerful especially the executives but
most organizations are gonna have let's
say some really important spreadsheets
maybe it's a customer list maybe it's an
employee left something like that
what about feeding that data into the
DLP like you may not be able to just
mass blog credit card and socials and
stuff like that because maybe they
really want to be able to email out bank
outing numbers or something like that
okay still not a good idea but man it's
amazing that much of that stuff's gonna
cross with a credit card or a social but
you can do something in a small business
so much of what happens it's just
stupidity it's just people don't know
they don't think so can we use the free
DLP that's there in order to protect on
that and we got a patch do you realize
that the greatest thing that protects
you from a windows compromise is Windows
Update that's really scary
they windows update breaks it's just
like more often than outlook Windows
Update is a real weak link in this whole
chain so I'm sorry but I mean if you're
not doing anything you need to at least
be doing wsus and I can go it's painful
I run and I currently running but I've
had a really bad luck with convincing
clients to buy into an rmm you know most
of these remote machine management tools
will do patchy and third-party patching
let it's great but I having trouble
convincing my clients on the value of
that so I'm stuck with wsus at different
times
[Music]
most small businesses firewalls this is
their egress right it's really easy it
doesn't take up much space but this is
something that you can tighten up one
you don't have to go to management in
order to get approval for this you can
tighten up X the the the egress route
you don't have to really do anything you
can get this tightened up you can do we
really need unlimited outbound DNS do we
really need that now about unlimited
SMTP we can tighten that up we can we
can scale it back a little bit so again
something run as soon as I get my hands
on that firewall I already know what I'm
gonna see on the hangout PCI requires
this but I remember our whole goal with
PCI is make it not apply so kind of have
to work a little bit with that one of
the interesting things that I found with
a small business is that if you asked to
do something like hey I want to update
this or do whatever there's a pushback
they're like well let me know we need to
we need to let's talk about that but if
I walked in and asked to clean something
on them oh yeah please thank you thank
you we really appreciate that so what
can you clean up remember security
complexity is the enemy of security
right we've all heard that well there's
probably some truth and that so let's
clean things up I was looking at an
organization recently that had a a group
policy which was pretty important that
disabled PowerShell we tighten it up you
know everything has to be signed it was
this great great group policy and it was
applied on an O you with only user
accounts and now that group policy
applies to computers so applying it to
an O you with all the users means it was
net doing nothing so let's clean this
again getting permission and clean up is
a really really really important thing
like it's usually sure absolutely things
and you go for it alert management you
know we can get toned down to stop do
you guys mean guys that work in your
sins and you
teamers and all that like you're good in
that but the rest of us get tone-deaf to
alerts so did we turn them off like
would you know if there is a computer in
your organization that was constantly
being reinfected if there was something
persistent you had this rolling battle
between your antivirus sometimes you do
sometimes you don't this is one of the
ways for you to demonstrate to
management that you were totally on top
of things is if you're telling them hey
you know we keep getting this will work
for this computer man I'm having to keep
working on this and I'm gonna wipe it I
mean whatever but do you have your word
management tuned to the point that
you're not tone-deaf and you're actually
able to be responsive because I could
get tone-deaf I mean there was one time
that I was getting in like 60 backup
emails a day and I win I can't do this
and I did that about the same time thing
that I realized one of the server's
hadn't backed up in three months because
nobody's gonna notice if they don't get
one out of 60 emails that just doesn't
stand out to you so do your alerts tuned
in such a way so from a slack standpoint
okay from this great area that you
operate that I operate in you know where
it's just it's black and white Nathan
you know do a good job for us like let's
just do this there's not a lot of
direction given one of the things that
you need to pull out into the open and
get out on the sunlight is the backup
policy so this is crazy important
because there is nothing that is more
misunderstood than backups when it comes
between me as a service provider and an
executive so get this
and write it down I've had people ask me
to restore files from six months ago we
have three weeks we only have three
weeks because you didn't want to buy
more equipment but I need this file back
I deleted it like six months ago is that
going around Christmas and and and and
we don't have it so what are you doing
that you're like combing all the
computers like is it at an offline files
cache or something like that is so
inefficient so documented one of the
biggest things you need to document is
what kind of what does it take to
recover what do we need to do if your
RAID controller on your server or your
sin totally blows up and you lose every
bit of data across that Arang what does
it take to actually get back up and
running the executives need to know this
here's the challenge with that in a
small business you don't have a lab so
you definitely don't know
so it's an educated guess tell them them
say I don't have a lab for this and but
you're prepared so if they say well what
would it cost always be prepared with
numbers you would be amazed at what is
approved at a knee-jerk response I had
the things that I haven't asked
management to improve I said hey can we
replace this that's getting old we're
not giving them performance out of it
you know we're nearing end of life on
this the manufacturer just sunsetted it
you know it's mothballed hello let me
think about it and give me some time
budgets are tight right now and then
something goes wrong and that executive
walks in and says what about this like
well struggling with it was it cost to
replace manon I don't have a number
right then and there on that but if I
have a number okay let's do it
that's four grand I know for those of
you with DST for Graham is like like the
good sense bill on a project for food
and sandwiches but in a small business 4
grand is actually a tangible project ok
you know for 10 15 20 30 right it's all
right in there I could replace this for
4 in go for it let me just like that
you'll get stuff approved that is so
Saudi jerk so needs your guy had a
thousand dollars and overnight shipping
approved on a server that I'd been
asking to replace the first
months finally died how could can we get
a replacement why get it tomorrow if you
want it's fine I'm like it's gonna be
expensive for overnight it's fine we
need it thousand dollars an overnight
shipping for a box so have your backups
documented have them clear and defined
you need to know exactly what they are
so let's wrap this up as a consultant
you're gonna be the common denominator
in multiple organizations either as the
loser low-end pork and fig or you're
moving the bar forward you have a vision
for what this organization needs you
have a direction and you're heading that