I work for LZ and what I do is I'm part
of the International Red Team so what
that means is I usually have 2 days to a
week to learn a new language and then
get dropped off in the country social
engineer people and then break into
buildings and you have to work with DJ
slurp yes I got to work with DJ slurp as
well um so recently I found myself in
China which is a whole another set of
restrictions and guidelines you got to
deal with you can't exactly pack up the
red team bat and go over there with a
bunch of lock picks and bars and other
things so we had to take in a lot of
different considerations cuz we went to
go attack one of the largest uh
component manufacturers e the
microphone the microphone we we went to
go attack one of the major uh component
manufacturers on the planet which was
out of China so that's where they make
all the little uh components and
everything for the boards and whatnot so
what we ended up doing is uh going over
there and having to deal with a firewall
now if you see here on the lower left
there there is one Walmarts in China and
yes they do have rednecks in their
Walmarts as well on the right is a
binder full of keys that's a key to
every lock that exists in the factory
and that's the trophy I got to take home
so we social engineered living daylight
something them so the biggest thing you
have to worry about when you go to China
whether for business or anything else is
the great firewall of China and we
always hear about it how they use it as
a tool of Oppression to squash down
things you can't get anything out and
it's actually really well designed uh
one of the main things I had to deal
with is I was in Shanghai and wushi and
in Shanghai they have one of the main
hubs uh where they filter everything and
they shove all the traffic in so they
have entire teams of people like from
the PLA and whatnot sorting through all
your results so in addition to I can't
get out of the country I don't want
everything PR through through because I
have to exfiltrate data from a
client so when I went to use Google
you're greeted with the screen now the
best part of this is depending upon what
it finds on your user agent string it'll
shut down malware to you and put an
agent on your machine so they can keep
track of what the hell you're doing cuz
they don't want you to use Google if you
press anything on that screen it just
doesn't work so that just shoves out
malare they don't want you to do that
you can use Yahoo and two of the results
of every page on Yahoo you can actually
click on everything is censored so it's
a major major pay in the ass so how do
we get around
this because they even detect you're
running proxy filters so here you can
see I was my IP and you can see that no
proxies in place they don't like that
did you take the China salary survey no
I didn't I didn't click on anything over
there so what's the number one rule of
lock
picking anyone number one rule lock
use anyone else number one r lock
picking check the door sometimes
sometimes it's open you don't have to
take this is one of those cases cuz
we've heard about the big bad firewall
of China it blocks everything so wonder
if I could just use a sock 5 proxy and
shuttle around it so we're going to
Tunnel through the firewall pretty
easily with just two
tools if you open up and just use putty
which you can get a putty. org it's a
Windows terminal ulation if you just set
up a local port at 1088 or whatever you
want for a proxy set up a basically a
sock 5i proxy
uh but the caveat to it is you're going
to want to find a box like a collocated
box that you have outside of the country
that you can actually ping or hit so you
create the profile in Pro uh in uh putty
like you would for normal setting and
you're going to save but you simply add
in uh the 1088 and the forwarding and
the destination and whatnot and save
it you then log into that box your
coated box or server simply SSH into it
log into it leave it up and run
go into uh Firefox simply put in uh
everything for your socks 5 proxy as a
local host and shuttle all your traffic
through that and does it work well my IP
changed you can see and they still don't
detect any proxy but the big question is
if it actually did work and we got
everything out of the country and uh
took care of the client and everything
which we did so as you can see it does
work it is that simple simply just using
socks 5
proxy Firefox and putty you get around
the Great Wall to China the firewall and
after everything everyone had told us
about it and everyone hyped it up we
expected something really crazy but it
was as simple as just those two steps
and you were round it so if you need to
you can find putty at putty. org uh one
of the uses for this is if you're doing
blue team you can start using this
technique to your uh right your firewall
rules and your networking fix to make
sure nothing can get out uh red team
it's pretty obvious why you want to use
this to get through and bypass stuff for
all of you that travel uh I'm not saying
this out loud but for all of you that
travel to hotels and you have to pay for
the Wi-Fi and the portal comes up this
is a great way to thoroughly evaluate
that before you spend your hard-earned
money on that Wi-Fi at the hotel so
that's pretty it much it it's pretty
quick here
you if you use this to evaluate
boo oh um like at an
airport on
flights
uh Blackberry is in dire streets because
no one really uses them much anymore if
they're doing a promo right now for the
Blackberry 10 and whatnot for your uh
going to on flights whatever it's called
if someone was to use a user aent agent
change string to change your user agent
string on your browser to Blackberry
10 I'm not saying anything but you can
well we like evaluation
[Applause]