there it's like well what the hell
there's a little tongue out there on the
front of that I stuck my phone down in
there cuz you know my head wouldn't fit
and then that looked like to me like a
magnet so I took a magnet although it
doesn't show up there very well and I
stuck it in there and it's like hey
let's get
down [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hey magnet hacks right how
do they
work so Ikea's been here long enough
that you probably got some shitty Ikea
furniture you can take apart to get a
free magnet now you bust these magnets
up and you get a piece about this size
and you take a regular Kake cup like
this and if you can see in the front the
side there I put it all the way to the
right oh yeah the little red arrow shows
where it is shut the lid it think of
cffs in there off of these so why would
I want to buy these big ass packs
doesn't make
sense my kff is ready to enjoy right so
bullshitting okay you can brew a whole
Graff off the one little yeah yeah yeah
that's what I'm going to do that was the
whole point of this whole thing besides
the
swearing so I had two magnets up here on
this knife because it just worked out
that way you put one in here in the
tongue and slide it to the right if you
can get it far enough to the right shut
the lid oh
no it flipped over if you don't get it
cup does m know you're serving dreams I
don't
know I might not be serving [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] if this
does work there we go so I don't you
probably can't see this in the back but
I got the kff menu here so I hit one
it's going to take a minute to warm up I
figured this out earlier I was like why
the hell is the light not lighting up so
it's got to load all the water in the
side there while that's doing that I'll
I'll continue on and talk about other
stuff and when the light lights up at
the end I'll show it off on the bottom
of this thing you can see there's a
little trap
door oh
yeah so I took that apart and inside
there you see what I thought was an rj11
connector it's not it's more like a RJ9
it's like four pins it's too much girth
for the rj11 so I got the handset and I
adapted this cable and I bought one of
these and I wrote this Python
program
however I only got it to spit out some
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a couple times uh and then I quit
working and I haven't got my adapter I
think my adapter got wet or something I
haven't tried on a different C or
whatnot so my thing up here is telling
me insert the craft so I have another
magnet one of those super Mighty
Kick-Ass ones on the end of this knife
I'm going stick it in
power demo live
demo failure there we go insert
CCT oh get it just right and if you
happen to pull the magnet out while it's
running it quits mid Street I found that
out
earlier so
hopefully oh there we go so that's how
you do two to three cups of a K cup
right
there it'll take a minute to finish
up and if anybody likes coffee there's
coffee up here I'm probably just going
to pour this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out the sink how many
cups uh I picked two to three because
this Pyrex thing's only about four we
could have a problem up here if I were
have pick more than that uh the only
thing is it might get a little
weak but when you brew a K cup it seems
strong as hell I mean you're like not
Starbucks strong but yeah let's get a
stronger kind of coffee as we find yeah
there you go actually I wanted to bring
my own grinds but I couldn't find my
adapter so I was behind today I got to
sit here and hold this but what's the P
for I would love to know the answer to
that I believe it's like a RS 422 or 485
I never figured it out completely um I
don't know if that's how they get the
firmware on this or whatever I saw some
weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in research of this like
videos where people did all kinds of
stuff like hook them up to their garage
door opener where they could hit the
button when they got out of bed and it
would Brew by the time they came
downstairs just some weirdos up there
such as myself so you have any questions
please finish your drinks first and then
uh we'll address all
those that's good enough it stops make a
mess on this chair it's
cool all
br
what do you do when your wife wants
po well you got to BR pot right yeah go
through a lot of K Cups I like the cheap
cappuccinos myself you get them in Sam's
and bulk like 72 at a time so oh yeah
you make chicken broth ooh challenge
accepted no I don't know uh it'll Brew
hot water on its own like you just throw
the thing under there and you get hot
water so you do whatever you want it'll
give you hot water don't you have to a
special I think he might need a few
y'all