- I were talking and I'm here talking
about the linear in the Google Analytics
my little Ronnie on mobile on abrasca a
graduated silver things about federal
holidays a degree in information sure I
always try at a large school 200 company
out of a peak and then from there I have
worked as here usually hungry my first
time I like throwing a ball at
monster.com and then in addition to that
I like being outside integers and read
Milton a lot of years probably familiar
one Google Analytics is when you're
losing your harness is a home run by
Google that allows domain owners to
track users on their site women got
their how long they've been there what
means when they've gone to go on support
this is useful for invasions give a help
and decide what content and it will
products or whatever services a lot of
non limitless because we'll some insight
to what their users are looking at and
then your people in developing cities it
primarily works on the fact that a
referer header is how long an HDTV so it
says I'm on this page and click on it go
to the next day so that next page nobody
came from them so Google's like all that
information and I can throw seen a
picture of what you did law over there
sometimes a little annoyed
it will time I get to the main where the
rest are desperate small beauty Lily
they got 80 flicks from Google and was
be 400m of losers and water woman said
on average this is amount of time
Britain idea whatever information you
can derive from it and satellite
experiences in cities and other websites
so I want to win always on my blog and I
noticed everyone Holly was just some
gear press the other things from my free
traffic direct ID or social lovin stock
XYZ or midnight online he is clearly
this is a live in traffic people are
coming to my blog from these sites so
it's am so sorry
and whenever something like this comes
up I always try to think about how the
bad guys or what I go and use it for how
would I our usual bad things and so how
do I interpret evil and I would use
Google Analytics do nasty things I would
perform those books and television
gather and I'll target for the
organization I wanted to laughter and I
build a job get out what that company
does you know figure out what the
customers are and figure out any money
really charters and whether businesses
and why
and from that idea I can start to think
about things that maybe we might be
interested in and this is standard for
doing any photo engineering staff a
million dollar standard market and then
the Turkmen is doing whatever you like
so after Norris isn't it started it is
threatening about saying that they want
to put and in business-to-business if
you think about things they want to
click from Google Analytics perspective
which is a web traffic perspective so
what that means is let's say I want to
isolate and each gentleman or a recent
moment is probably interested in point
of field they're in vice versa while
veterans are probably interested in
rebuild so and I want to go out the
retail company I would set up a site
that looks like one day under and then
tell the traffic comes from that wanted
point cell under site three different
innocent either American from the point
of sale letters Aminu go down a list if
you're University no he got me through
horrible
like I said colleges in Newark or what
have you
after you build that out the next seven
students now I'm going to ask for an
expert will sign on building whether the
ABA exact revenge alarmist or maybe the
single particular target even have has a
cross site for cross-border
vulnerability you know not it and so you
can sure come along about the Penn
Staters outside opens and off
immediately process shipping which is a
cookies must honor one of the highlights
ago which is that last point about
Google Analytics is eliminated and
they're already on Google Analytics
abused you know
the main and click on it and in the
derivative of the Google Analytics water
divider second bedroom frequently hear
about it so after you spell that up you
just got here at tons of traffic to your
targeted sites and then hopefully an
admin will get interested in very
cliquish product so it's a very reliable
why did you know I could probably use
nothing exists so the next person rap on
buildin how are they doing it and asked
basically a supposing the question how
do I always work when you photos into
analytics you did a unique identifier
which is basically how little loans what
fight extract and they give you a little
tentative dollar the bath you solve
every single thing that you want to
dress this we put it in the header in
the player honors page already and when
these are comforted by that of Josh's
excuse both round even bigger trips and
extra grass also the metadata about the
user
how long has been there or they're going
hella gotta go on is important and then
they like all of this data and I
starting at the penis which are about
how what users a little bit so I want to
do that to when it table that now make
requests to boil read some flashlights
but I want to do that I have to figure
out of our questions minutes and there's
two options freedom option one in our
endogenous and I looked at at once it
was like much fun option to the pool
that's awesome
and out of the video and they do and the
reason for this is is that when the
ever-growing popularity of people manage
applications this whole refers they're
going to build a bigger about aliens
backing on pace to orbit more as pages
and reloading there's an event so they
made all this documentation so that
developers of these applications can
fill you in to learn little sin' of
these tools and so I learned is after we
got the documentation that serves the
required trailer the first wish and
started real talk is the protocol
version we Charlie been on one so I just
have to be there soldiers one that
unique identifier we talked about
earlier so when the request we will know
some traffickers belong to and a client
ID which is actually an interesting
thing because this is unique identifier
for each user and it is randomly
assigned to you this isn't really in
track you engage the page so they know
either ones here and they're here
they're here again Stratton's rough
edges connected speech for you which is
the most common type of fifth night
there's another one like stream viewers
at you and it goes back to the backpack
google water kind of let people use this
to the best fitting so if you're writing
and doing is we can choose this type
spoke earlier and shouldn't need to do
that for the bowl the next three
parameters are all about will see your
heart the whole path final package who
knows what's wrong and then the next
thing is what were most interested in
invest
and that is the doc metaphor application
came from and the last thing was a
primer called anonymize ID which says
the presence and the addresses of
Federer will be anonymized a
contradiction was for eleven men were
won over schools were blessed over and I
said you know if there's some traffic
coming from face of a mountain and I
said that often Google they'll get in in
some colleges back but it was join us
soon can give Wireless loyally and sure
enough says use on the site right now
from the main back stories you can do it
that's pretty cool but it's not really
useful in itself you kind of have to be
able to do it a lot and really fast and
so that means seems inevitable which is
automation and whenever I want to sit
down and write something I'm usually
kind of got to consider your user and
other gaming and it knows it's analyst
thing or go on to find work and anyways
a full engineering school get exist and
the framework that's all about full
engineering rules and so that we talked
about earlier like hdfn harbors already
exist in the full-blown hearing toolkit
so we probably use either working anyway
to do in folders like this also if it
makes sense to write modules of that hey
Tyler
yes we have a tradition here at SEC JC a
certain time you take our first time
jocks gotta take a shot
[Music]
no ideas marble or full engineering
he'll get kinda like that name
gladly what it was written it it's
Python pages so that's tribune desert so
that is so I'm going to see you in this
hi oh so we responded in Italian I can
all right going to be telling this code
is without the official book I didn't
book it repo so you should have it if
you darling
first yellow solution and you'll get my
module just in the third-party modules
original there and then Google Analytics
stat incredible is the models that the
primal centerpiece but I wanted to go IQ
mode manual mode basically is a decision
annulene are all primers which as other
resources yes it did something different
manually so the automatic mode was
really want and what that does is it
makes a single kid request he's
targeting and from that get request it
pulls out these identifiers and all the
metadata about the page so I'm going to
pull down page on my blog we're gonna
use that auto page and the right hands a
little pause there we did anything to
get our questions and everything out at
this point does any problems getting
unique antenna for it and think identify
or anything like that to tell you that's
a problem and the next thing you got to
do is tell the page you want super
referral
those if you need your attacker patrol
site in this case I'm going to say a
second D dollar then we have the option
to adjust a load which is basically all
parameters and we'll take a look at
something I mentioned earlier was that C
is my ID is highly attractive or painted
too beige is very important but this I
need and ran behind because it's not
it's going to think the same users
refreshing the page over and over over
so the sugar automatic things that are
in the box so we hand in a hey was this
got kicked off you come over here you
will know with it turn off scissors
liver here
you know your aunt Rebecca team so that
double reason won't move it and so
things don't show you how to do a little
bit for a second every second one
fundamental is that in a realistic
scenario you probably want to do a
report in a few hours or something
because you can google is actively
trying to stop well expand those it kind
of disability a bit trouble it's
important to kind of consider your heart
students if you're expanding you know
Paige was literally one popular you
probably get away with a lot more
whereas if you're standing with some
known insight you know if you go like
crazy
geography coming out of one and
refreshing the tig over time yet where
very up and you can be getting over here
Canyon or single by Mac let me come back
over here this exists in this prison
when I first came frosted and started
thinking about it probably back in
September and peoplemetrics
and I was about it I made colleges
number one minute stop it I had my
reservations about how cool it was like
you're kind of interesting living today
to be in a get request but it was a
little more like a few months later a
normal one just came out and immediately
I was like wow I did something cool like
I'm still not I'm ready yet but what it
also holding is that where I founded for
the reservation I primarily it
convenient for food so what it means is
that there are other applications
so any decisions that are made from web
analytics could potentially be
influenced for an animal is there any
website that maybe items go on sale
because a lot of people look at and not
buying it you can potentially new that
sandal or traffic to that item also on
the hardware level and in this
particular case you know if you Sam
abunch of former Thompson a lot its soap
other anything that's all I got