I'm gonna hijack your meeting here a
second and make a massive announcement
so you see how suppose this a lot on
social media you wonder what this is a
skeleton crew this is a group of
individuals I work with and what we're
doing is a new info SEC initiative we
will make the official public
announcement and the sign up and
everything in late second quarter what
skeleton crew is a hand up instead of a
handout and it's an opportunity we have
created it a series of tears of
scholarships to make sure people can get
to Vegas to get a defcon to get to be
sides to get the black hat will fulfill
it we're doing as some people can get
involved and get started so if you're a
college student or a high school student
we have the ability to send you out
there we had some legal issues will have
to go through with your parents but we
can get you out there cover everything
so you get started actually see what
things are and learn if you're trying to
bring it into the industry and you just
can't get into the industry you can get
a foothold we're going to help you out
with this we're going to get you out
there we're going to get you in a
conference we're going to get you
introduced to people and so on if you're
currently in the employ sign industry
you just can't get out there you don't
kind of the money don't have the time or
whatnot and you just can't justify the
cost we're going to help you with that
this is very clear I'll make sure
everyone understands it this is not a
charity this is not a tax write-off this
is not cause based marketing we are
doing this because we believe very
strongly in the industry and we're here
to help take the industry to a whole
nother level we are also very blessed
because of this industry and rather than
going around showing off our wealth and
wet not fancy cars big booths and
whatnot displays of wealth in Vegas we
would rather give the opportunity for
people to get to Vegas so we will be
announcing a late second quarter the
different tiers and how to apply and how
to conduct yourself through the process
of what the process will be and then
we'll carry it out we will need help
from the community we're not talking
about a financial will need help with
people if you're interested what will
you have to make
helping people get around so we have the
younger kids when we have people who are
trying to break into the industry we
need and when your help to show them
around give them introduce to your
friends go out and talk to the halibut
fling that into our community and help
build something so in the following
months we're going to be releasing more
more details about this but this is
something we believe in it once again
it's not a tax write-off this is not a
scam this is not a stunt we believe so
heavily in this industry and everything
we're going to make sure that when
people have opportunities and we're
going to challenge everyone else out
there as well to help rather than
showing off what you have reinvest in
the community help people out if this
doesn't make sense to anyone please see
me afterwards I'll explain so while
that's done we'll get back to why you
came here for this whoa except is open
source of cousins have what that means
for everyone is we don't have even find
all sorts of information free light on
Google we can look up all sorts of crazy
stuff but there's a whole bunch of other
resources and other things to do that
why this is important as you start
getting to understand the footprint of
your target so if your pen testing or
doing assessment even though where they
start stop you also need to understand
what people are posting out there and
what people are releasing or you may
need to understand what the actual
perimeter of an external network is
because sometimes the external internal
perimeter network are the same thing oh
that's important because you start going
out the whole process by searching for
items when you're doing this it's been
out you're not touching anything no one
knows you're doing it is no one sees
your google searches no one sees if
you're running all to go with other
tools it should be the first step of
your engagement eighty percent of my
engagements and audits have footholds
that end the whole game just biosens
because o says is the most powerful step
and pen testing and we're trying to make
it much easier and easier to execute and
just all around not the pain the
accident that is so awesome is just
everywhere all these crazy resources
I was very careful not to use anyone
here or do anything that might major
someone but the speaker from a couple
meetings back on strand you can see who
he's related to who interacts with
online he started to understand that
there's all sorts of other uses and
contacts for your ascent rather than hey
I got your ID address where hey I saw
your stuff on Twitter there's
geolocation of all sorts of fun stuff
the problem is there is just tons and
tons of tools Kali alone has over fifty
six tools that ships with inside then
frozen heaven that I can guarantee you
don't even use a touch or probably not
aware but they're very powerful and even
batteries when they come out with at the
output context is extremely powerful
when you put it into a different view
however it's really hard when you're
doing testing say about 800 IP address
assessment I mean you don't really have
time to sit down and go through sent on
a lot of things you got to make fast
that is overwhelming path stuff that's
out there it's pretty amazing I think
some of the statistic that 20 resources
that they come out different resources
of 12 things for no sense so it's just
overwhelming so a lot of the times of
all these tools we don't understand the
impact devotion and what can be done
with it how many of you have a lead the
details thank you for providing me with
a user ID list and in address list for
fishing so here your social media sites
especially the career based ones such as
LinkedIn datacom Salesforce chips off
cetera you can look at my company by
name see their employees and sometimes
you get information on like that most
people really stop and go oh my kind of
stalker creepy man I go through and see
what's on linkedin and that's it that's
a user list father that's also a list of
emails because it doesn't take much to
do out search and find out hate what is
the email format of that target company
is it first name dot last name is the
first initial last name if so you've all
the names out there from LinkedIn jigsaw
all those others
you can quickly flip into email
addresses for fishing camping and then
you can show you validate you can also
use it to create user IDs and brute
force things such as what your elf
portals or VPN or other things like that
you start to understand what the actual
impact the positives and what you can do
with it but it's always hard with all
these tools out there they use they just
all have all sorts of odds and run from
the command prompt you have to do this
or that or changement in file and it's
just crazy it wastes time so we decided
to do is create meiosis it it is labeled
as Community Edition because we don't
want anyone selling it we don't want
anyone profit from we want it to be free
we want people to join in and start
developing with us because this is a
development framework 40 sins there's a
couple of key things that differ from a
lot of what's out there and I'll go with
that really quick this date said Casey
we always have to drop the first stuff
the best stuff here tonight is no
different this is a preview this is not
get it going out to everyone you guys
are getting the links in the information
before everyone else and tomorrow
evening it goes live so please don't
download it have fun but please be safe
and legal with it because you can get
into a lot of trouble so this is the
interface that's it we wanted to make it
very simple we do all the hard work on
the backend how this works is this sit
on top of the default colleague to point
out instance right out of the bat right
out the unsub if any dependencies are
needed it'll help you with that the
documentation on the github will help do
that as well but we wanted this to sit
on top of something that everyone uses
everyone has access to and everyone can
mess around the way we didn't want to be
the framework we didn't want anything
that's for Pfeifer we wanted it easy for
you to use right at the box go home slap
it in and start adding some no-good
fades no no we didn't want to mess
around side so we made it simple you
simply put in the domain name of what
your target it goes through and manages
all the underlying
programs that are within calling and the
command line programs and services are
in there such as hose that day and
everything else what we do is we go
through a massage everything for you
with spin up results which I'll show you
here shortly in that nice easy-to-use
format step one we output a directory
with the domain name so it's easy to
find when we put all the artifacts and
findings there so that way you can find
out all sorts of stuff such as metadata
files you can find out user lets user
information user emails email formats of
a company you'll basically owned a
company before you even kick up a pen
test that's our objective leave this on
the flip side we didn't leave the blue
team out the defense of sight out you
can use this to a defensively to help
protect your brand and your company and
your exposure so how many of you have
gone out for your companies to
registered all the possible combinations
of social media and domain thickness now
not all about a lot of people come that
but wouldn't you like to know what all
the combinations are what's out there
what's your exposure do you have a
Google+ page for your company why is
that important I haven't picked that up
and start damaging your brand and then
attack your brand I can also use it to
serve up bow where do all sorts of other
stuff i can redirect to your competition
all sorts of other things so we did not
leave the blue team out the blue team
and the defensive side you can use this
to start figuring out what your
footprint is and your tag vectors the
best thing is since it is oh sit you
don't have to touch anything you don't
have to risk anything this is all the
nine a passive collection of information
you get the full picture of what
exposure is what the world sees mats on
the defensive side you can also see what
your users are doing and if they're
following your policies if they're
releasing information that they should
are they exposing things there are tons
of code repositories out there that
companies have or their users have and
there's hard-coded credentials of those
there's also great things such and its
email archive list
where people thrown out okay and I don't
know how to set up this dms or buying
configuration can someone help me here's
my configuration and they disclose all
the stuff they might be a hundred
percent aware of your information
disclosure policy and your own
information training program but they
may not know the context of
repercussions as the blue team one of
this tool in your domain and see what
comes out you can start ordering easily
through it here's they cater for
everyone like I said we wanted it easy
interface even more so we wanted an
impactful output to help everyone not a
bunch of gibberish a bunch of cool
screens of stuff something that can
actually give you metrics and help you
because one as a red team member your
brain in and doing assessments don't
have time simply put in the domain of
your name of your targets let this thing
run come back in a few minutes ago hey
let's go the output will be an ATF or
poorer for better for everyone that way
we can actually demonstrate show the
whole impact of what happened losing you
can take this the management go tears
with tears our exposure here's are
probably a lot of people refer to the
out of the face of this message for no
sense we're trying we're not in close
but this is a community toolsfree we're
doing Campbell we really want people to
take this and run with it and start
using it so that way you can find all
sorts of fun stuff it's also fun
drinking it like that so another name
College uses this for a fun drinking
game of finding information out every
time there is critical hole to
drink the state it is pretty funny but
we want people to run with us use it a
whole nother way we really want people
understand what the impact of ocean is a
net information that it's publicly
available it is astounding this has a
lot of other uses and possibilities as
well please please understand use this
broom to it or what up
with confines of the ball we understand
people will do things so there is no
cheat and hack we just don't want you to
go to jail now the program was
originally created by myself and then I
reached out to a CEO and William covilhã
you may recognize name did a lot of the
curriculum the lab design and the lab
monitoring and maintenance of the
offensive security blacks and pretty
late so he went crazy with his we've
been going nuts with it and when we had
valence tomorrow for the world we want
you guys to run with it if you have
requests kmf to us and we'll go through
everything there are a lot of features
that aren't out yet but there's a lot of
fun tools or try to click through the
lawyers first because they're pretty
impactful there's lot of things we're
doing with selenium and a few other
plugins so we didn't leave out the web
app stuff for people once again its
ascent so it is the nine it does not
touch stuff it will be either get up
later tomorrow evening free download
everything is pretty on this and we want
that to stay we don't want people
running with this we never want them to
say one foot or intend for this is so
that people will take Oh synth and the
process to the next level share it and
run with it do with what you want just
don't profit off so if you have any
questions on this you can reach out to
the twitter feed inside our agency or
you can contact will directly at some I
forget what he calls it they can have
fun with that message twitter name or
you just give us a shout the address is
there so later far we've launched at and
start the process we are shooting for a
timetable of near monthly updates and
adding features the more people get
involved with us help us out the more
things we can do faster and more again
this is pretty in coppell encompass a
and it's pretty crazy moving-out cope
with this but all it requires is you
putting in a domain name getting entered
and that's it to install it it will be a
process of downloading the script and
python from the hub repository I just
run with it we want to thank simple and
easy to use with this then that way it
makes it easier to mitigate use or
implement to your workflow and it makes
it easy easier for you have fun with it
as well so if you have any questions I
feel free to find me or reach around
around here finding or reach out to us
here at Lillian's addresses I am be
reached all saliva that squirrels a
barrel addressed on Twitter forbid but
we have a bunch of big stuff on the
announcement soon but once again the
skeleton crew initiative we strictly
want this to help the community every
community up to another buffer by
getting that again it's not a handout
incident that same again when it's very
proper I'm around to tonight just come
back I've got stuff if anyone's
interested i have in log defensive