I I kind of walked into this talk last
last
night my slid
mine anyway what we're going to talk
about today is is a tool called T socks
isway t-x is a is a unit utility utility
that um
I've been using for a lot of years um
what it does is it's a basically a proxy
proxy library that will wrap up outbound
network connections and send them over a
proxy proxy C that could be an SS shell
it could be Ser that stood up that did
whatever um it allows you to apply
stocks proxy to applications that
normally wouldn't be able to would a do
that with stock like tet
FTP things like that they don't have
proess say so if you're at a client site
you can't get out to internet you need a
way to get get connection you can these
other things out that connection and use
it nobody know doing anything Works
servers firewalls I I've Ed it in
several different networks so if you
don't know what socks is it's you know
it's basically a protocol routes packets
over a processor not a big deal
um t-x is it can be loaded at as a
system or you can have it call an
application so if you have if you're on
the if you're on a un system system and
you want tockify everything every
connection that you have you can just
type ke and every connection originates
from machine will go over your proxy
server connection doesn't matter what it
is there are some bugs and things like
that it hasn't been active development
quite a while so there are some
limitations but it will send everything
out browser
connections tet
FTP whatever you want to do um that's an
explanation I'm not going to read that
basically what it does is whenever you
activate it it senses the network
connection wraps it up it just sends it
over the the processor that you have
so installing it let's see how we get
this to work installing on Deviant
system it's app install t- socks on a
red hat
system I'm not sure if it runs on OSX I
would assume it can you can download the
source for it compile it and probably do
the same thing uh doesn't work on
Windows sorry guys that might work I
know um after you install it you need to
edit there's a file called tx. config
you need to add some other options in it
but the two things you really need to
worry about are the server which is home
and the server Port that you're going to
use you can use any port that you want
to you can make that 1,000 50,000
whatever your proxy connection your
actual proxy server is using send uh
connections out um I I tend to use this
with Bas you know basic SSH tunnel um to
an outside BPS or po T um this this
Command right here will set up a a tel
and you just that command and you can
send traffic over any proxy connection
over that and it's it's wrapped up in
SSL SSH there's no way the only thing
that they can see from firewall
perspective is maybe a number of packets
that you s through that when the
firewall sees it it doesn't see any of
the connections that you're laying over
that proxy that SS sh so um you know you
can use it to sneak around networks I've
used it to move data between networks
that I didn't have access to should have
had access to you know you canat
firewalls pretty easily with this
um
like so basically after it's installed
you can just go to command line and type
key and the application name so if you
type
conne try to
connect um and it will if tell that's
block the firewall processor it will out
and bring it back just like it was you
know there same thing works with things
like um say you have a web browser you
don't want to mess up the proxy proxy
settings in the web browser you can just
say ke Sox space Firefox or Chrome or
whatever browser you're using and it
will stop you know wrap all that
connectivity in that in that socks
tunnel that send it out and you don't
have to mess with your brows browser
settings or anything
I've used it for SSH tell
that brows said like I said just about
anything a lot of times I'll run into
problems where I can't get app get to do
like an update so I'll wrap app get
updates up in t- sock and it will go