so that's kind of what got me into this
um radio scanning is more kind of about
what's out there uh you can hear
airplanes talking to the control tower
you can hear Engineers talking to the
railroad base police fire
dispatch but uh signals intelligence is
more about targeting somebody specific
you see somebody you know is
communicating uh and trying to get into
whatever it is that they're talking
about uh so really infiltrating radio is
targeting your search to Transmissions
from a very specific person group or
organization so this is kind of a really
newbie entry entry level intro to
signals
intelligence signant is gathering
intelligence by intercepting signals
from the
Target and we're going to focus on the
actual signal detection there's a whole
bunch of various concepts with signals
intelligence protction is kind of
finding uh the actual frequencies that
are being in use the protocols being
talked on and that kind of
stuff I kind of talked about uh I guess
I would file it under trolling but uh
the various reasons you might want to do
this are situational awareness um you're
at the mall or you're at a shopping
center or you're in the entertainment
amusement park listening to radio
traffic can kind of tell you what's
going on
um gives you a little bit of a clue as
to uh you know your situational
awareness there wasn't a time not very
long ago we were at the zoo and we
actually knew that there was somebody
with a gun in the park before uh
security knew or as security found out
we actually heard about it on the radio
um you guys may remember that not very
long
ago um also so sometimes it's fun just
to look around you see somebody with a
radio and have fun with the challenge of
finding the
frequencies and then of course
rolling sometimes you can hear uh
there's a Wendy's across the street and
they use a little radio frequency
headset um I can't actually hear it from
here because it's very low power but uh
sometimes you can have some fun with
that
let they're they're bidirectional
communication you and uh you can hear
what the person is saying into the
intercom as they're in the drive-through
Lane and you can also hear on the
different frequency what the cashier is
saying to them and you may or may not be
conversation since I'm FCC licensed I
don't do
that also there are a few other legal
issues here that I'm will to cover um
there are certain radio frequencies that
you really ought not to uh intercept um
FCC makes it illegal to receive uh or to
intentionally listen in on telephone
conversations pager Communications
encrypted signals um it's also an
illegal to use uh radio monitoring if
you're in the middle of trying to commit
a crime
so they this is one of those things
where they don't just bust you because
you have a radio but if you're trying to
rob a or you're trying to shoplift from
a store and you've got a radio tuned to
Mall security and you're trying to
figure out where they're looking for you
to help of Aid um they can also add an
additional charge on to you for
that and also some cities like the one I
live in in Lanexa they have this stupid
codified rubbish in their in their city
code that basically says you can't scan
for police officers from your car they
do that
implementing this kind of thing which is
just
rubbish technically the ham radio I have
in my car that I use for storm spotting
is illegal in Lanexa o sh and Overland
Park because it can also receive
frequencies that they
use now they're all digital and I can't
make sense of any of those without using
some tricks that shogo will hopefully
help us with when he gets here but those
are some of the legal issues with kind
of
stuff and yes there uh I'm going to
cover I'm going to cover trunking here
in just a second um there's basically
three common signaling types in use that
I'm going to cover uh one is simplex
where um how many of you have used uh FR
FRS radios cheap uh department store
walkie-talkies that kind of stuff that
is uh that's technically half duplex we
call it Simplex but that's radio talks
to the radio once you get
you know two blocks apart in the city a
mile or two apart in the in the woods
you can no longer hear the other
person duplex is
where you have typically each radio
transmits on a different frequency than
it listens and we use that for repeater
Communications so uh when I take my ham
radio here that I've got and I'm out in
field storm
spotting I I listen on one frequency and
when I press the it switches frequencies
and talks to a tower way up in the sky
on a different
frequency and then that gets
retransmitted out on the frequency
everybody listens to and it happens in
real time and so that's that's how a lot
of business repeater systems work that's
how a lot of ham radio systems work and
how some gmrs systems
work so if you find yourself listening
to uh this is popular with security
widespread places like Parks uh you'll
hear just a one piece of a conversation
it sounds like somebody's talking TOS
every two three
minutes you're probably on the input
frequency of that repeater
system there's a couple of ways to
figure out what the output frequency
usually is um I'm not really going to
cover that but you basically want to
just keep scanning around it's usually
within five Megs of that trunk systems
try to share a very small number of
frequencies say eight or 16 among a vast
number of talk groups um this is what uh
KCK Police Department is using for
example they've got about 12 frequencies
uh they with that cover ambulance
dispatch fire police and they've also
got tactical channels so if there's
something like a police chase that
requires um three or four officers plus
dispatch to be
involved they can take care of that kind
of on a Channel and when a domestic
violence call comes in they can still
dispatch somebody in the field and it's
Channel this mess here is a just a real
quick look at some of the frequency
Bands That Make for interesting
listening um I don't have them here on
my screen but uh typically you'll find
businesses between 151 155 mehz and then
up um actually close to the same
frequencies that are used for gmrs FRS
radios us hams you can hear talking in
all sorts of frequencies but those are
two popular ones for voice
Communications and your average handheld
scanner from Radio Shack can pick these
up and uh Aviation has its own set of
frequencies and these are interesting
Aviation uses amplitude modulation which
is typ it's different from FM it's am
like your AM radio but if you've ever
been driving cross country uh you'll
hear your FM station sometimes just fade
out and it'll seem like you get a slice
of this Channel and a slice of this
Channel and it kind of goes back and
forth until the other channel really is
strong enough to hold
it am doesn't cut in and out like that
am two people three people can talk
right over one another and you can
actually hear all of them at the same
time that's important for airplanes you
don't want one airplane guy talking over
everybody else and
overriding uh a couple other frequency
bands uh I'll have these slides up and
you guys can use these to kind of play
with uh this bottom graphic is just a
map of frequencies I found on the FCC
website only covers a very small part of
the frequency range but uh that's where
most of this stuff is
happening so how do you listen to and
find these stuff
um the the cheating way is to find a
smartphone app like radio scanner uh if
you fire up radio scanner I've got a
screenshot here
um you can just see a list of uh known
systems and you can actually just click
on one and listen to it yes it's coming
to you via Wireless because it's going
over Wi-Fi but that's not really the
point um you can use a frequency counter
or a bug detector you can find these on
eBay for 40 or 50 bucks um They Don't
Really Work good to find bugs most
modern bugs are in the 2.4 gz 5 gz range
these days but um they are actually
pretty good at finding baby monitors U
the uh video cameras that were popular
10 years ago they can actually kind of
tell you where those frequencies are and
then you can tune in with a with a
receiver dedicated receiver um
inexpensive radio scanners from Radio
Shack Ham radios this will receive from
about 500 khz up to a gigahertz um and a
lot of ham radios will do that kind of
stuff and then uh
uh Joel is next he's going to go ahead
and talk about the uh USB dongles and
and stuff like that um another way you
can find frequencies uh is by uh just
doing some research um companies that
register with the FCC have coordinated
frequencies uh their licenses are online
for everybody to see on the FCC website
a lot of people republish this data it's
very searchable uh you can search Oak
Park Mall security
frequencies um you'll find radio
reference right there and you'll have a
list of frequencies that have been
coordinated and allocated for them also
a lot of the people that use scanners
have mailing lists yaho groups uset
Google Groups they discuss things that
they find um so you know the internet is
a good place to start searching for
this um
observation here in the crowd I saw
somebody with a with a radio um just one
of the waitresses it took me just a few
minutes to find out what frequency that
and I don't know but uh I do know if I
it
anyway motor us a handful of frequencies
most of their radios are just
again a okay anyway a little light lit
up on my on my radio here so I think he
actually did
it uh I've got a I've got a bank of
memory channels here that has a whole
bunch of just typical Motorola
frequencies in it um so I flipped to
that bank because I saw a Motorola radio
on somebody and said let scan a couple
minutes later I heard somebody this is
really boring stuff you can hear what
table ordered what
awareness
yeah
if somebody has a part 90 certified
see you have to get it certified by the
FCC it's a real pain in the butd
um of course I I skipped over to this
slide scanning uh one one thing is uh if
you see a short stubby antenna like on
your F FRS radios typically it's UHF
it's usually in the 400 megaherz fan you
start scanning around 450 460 megahertz
and you just Loop that 450 to 470 space
for long enough you'll hear whatever it
is they're talking about more than
likely I did run into one place uh
hospitals are starting to go with
digital they're not trunked they're not
duplex they're just digital spread
Spectrum
radios you'll have to use some SDR
hackery to find those uh they usually
spread their stuff out around 40
channels and they only spend about 200
milliseconds on each Channel and they
just hop around in a pre-programmed way
very very hard to listen to you can sit
just all the other radios follow each
well it's probably super random um and I
think I have reason to believe that some
of the systems have not a repeat but
controller something that's kind of a a
Time sync for them that tells them what
frequency to use in what order um
because I found a um I found a digital
thing in the range there while I was at
the hospital that was just sitting there
turning out stuff that sounded like
modem noise and it was on one of the
frequencies that the radios are designed
to receive
so I haven't quite dug into those I'd
actually need to get a few of those
radios and actually play with them and
they're really expensive $400 aie
uh so uh scanning is one way to find
them you know and hopefully you know
bigger antennas like this that you see
on a radio like a business radio you
might think those are more than 150
megahertz and shorter antennas probably
more than the 400 some
mehz
um last thing is a frequency counter I
don't have a live demo for this but a
frequency counters a real lab great
frequency counter you hook it up to the
antenna output and measures the actual
frequency being used um cheap frequency
counters like the old ones you find from
Radio Shack they work a lot like the bug
detectors and that uh they do a really
fast scan and can kind of narrow in on
frequencies that are being transmitted
very very close by so I would need to be
from here to Joel from somebody while
they're talking and I've done this um at
my local H housee actually I was just
standing there at the customer service
desk waiting for somebody to 15 lottery
tickets and stuff and I'm just trying to
get a refund on something and the lady's
sitting here talking on the radio and I
pull out my radio and hit the frequency
counter mode and sure enough I found a
frequency right there so um that's kind
of the very basics of trying to narrow
in on where the frequencies are that are
being used using Analog Devices and and
things like this um Joel's going to
cover uh the SDR the basics ofdr stuff
and uh you can also use these cheap SDR
dongles um now you know it's a little
easier to carry one of these than it is
to carry a full laptop with a big
antenna thing hanging off of it but uh
you know if you start to get serious and
you want to sit in a parking lot and
play around laptop's not a bad way to go
I'll hand it off to
Joel
yo
I remember my VGA D this
time all right SDR sharp is a program
that was made to interface with very
very cheapes
uh USB TV
adapters so I'm GNA go over just the
basics I'm G do it real quick just to
save more time for the guys coming after
me uh I'm gonna go after we're gonna
install SDR sharp and do driver setup
and then I'm gonna tell you
about a it's it's a virtual sound driver
so you can actually pipe uh sound from
one application to another inside
windows I mean there's real operating
systems that do that well natively but I
don't have one of those
with okay SDR sharp.com so if you're
interested spend 10 bucks at eBay and
get the SDR sharp software and you're in
business uh so essentially just to
install it UNC uncompress the zip uh go
to the install folder and then there's
the runme the install. so it goes
through downloads the newest version of
the software and then at that point it
creates a folder called SDR sharp and
you can run it from
that um one problem about drivers is
that uh the driver here it's the
dbb uh essentially it's just anything
with an RTL uh chip
you can use with this but in order to
get the drivers to work you have to use
the
Zod zadig utility that comes with SDR
sharp essentially what that does is that
it substitutes in the correct driver for
device and when I was going around and
looking on the internet for how to set
up a cheap uh p25 scanner uh they
recommended you pay 25 bucks or
something like that for some virtual
sound card app and so I found one that's
for cheap or free depending on how nice
you are to the
fellow and so that's right there and
done okay so usually on eBay these
things cost about you know 10 bucks so
if you're spending more than1 on one of
these you spent too much okay so if you
spent 25 bucks at a conference you
got you got screwed um so what can you
do to accessorize your $10 investment uh
by the time you're done accessorizing
with this you probably doubled or
tripled or qu the cost so usually the
little default antenna that comes with
it it's only that y big and it's cheap
wire that's gred badly soldered to the
actual antenna itself so usually it's
not that great so getting a proper
antenna really helps out a lot otherwise
unless you're standing right next to it
it better be pumping out you know
watts and then I'm gonna do
a uh first off I'm just going to kind of
point out the features here um at the
top here is going to be a tuner and then
we're going to be using at something
called the waterfall and then we'll see
beinged
instr
D okay so doesn't show up any devices so
in order to see everything I have
I'll
2838
USB okay so it's now it probably wants
to
your
a
little
the
top
we
and then you see sign water so this here
will allow you to tune it find the
channel
it should play audio
although
demo you can see all the frequencies
swap anyway okay uh and without further
have
all right so I'm gonna be talking about
uh software using tapw to find radio
for um basically analyzing various radio
frequencies so the real cool thing about
software Define radio is it let you
things that you might not otherwise be
able to look at with um with FM radio or
something like that you can obviously
tune in to something there's radios all
over the place that are uh that you can
use as they were designed but with uh
with software defined radio you can look
at almost anything across the Spectrum
as long as you can tune into it so um
it's it's really cool I think it's like
uh buffer overflows were in 1990 like
everybody knew they existed kind of but
people weren't really doing them
anything with them but now that these
software defined radios are are U
becoming popular people are going to
start um finding vulnerabilities and
systems that people just thought hey
nobody can exploit this it's on 800
megahertz nobody has an 800 MHz
transmitter um so I think this is going
to be a really big thing over the next
10 years or so um kind of along with the
Internet of Things um that's kind of big
now people are going to um you know be
standing up things that sit on 800 HS
that listen to you know um different
commands over over over a radio
frequency so I think this is really cool
what we have here
um there's uh so there's many known and
unknown protocols I guess I mirrored
here so I can I can actually uh get out
of presenter mode um click on my link
uh if it slowly loads um that you know
you obviously think about walk radio
like uh Wi-Fi and and and
um just the just the standard radio
protocols like walkie-talkies and maybe
maybe cell phones uh but there's a lot
of weird stuff that's going over the
waves um if you if you if you look down
here I mean
there's uh there's pager traffic that
you can look at there's all sorts of
different stuff that you can just
read um where sorry I I uh a
little there's train signaling so you
like trains communicate with each other
like the the middle engine on the train
communicates with like the front engine
and it does things with the train tells
it that it's running at full speed or
tells it it should break that's that's
kind of I mean it makes sense but it's
kind of weird that that all goes over
RFS you can um I mean the the different
engines will broadcast to each other to
tell them when they should break and
everything that's that's it's pretty
crazy stuff um let me see if I can get
out of this uh I have no idea how I
got f11 all right yeah worked um but now
computers all right so the there's
there's the
proprietary um so what really interested
me about software defined radio is
attacking proprietary stuff stuff that
people thought that nobody could no
nobody could listen to or nobody could
uh transmit to yeah nobody no one cared
um so there's things like weather
sensors I have one sitting up there
almost exact same thing there's things
like the microphone that I'm speaking on
right now um they probably weren't
designed with security in mind um and I
didn't probably didn't purchase them
with security in mind but there are um
things that an attacker could uh
potentially EES drop on or maliciously
transmit to um so those are pretty like
household items you know just talking
temperature sensing uh but there's a lot
of other stuff that's uh impactful um
there's your there's your key fob uh
someone
can basically read and retransmit your
signal if there's weaknesses they can
brute force and it uh unlock your car
there's a talk a black hat that did that
um it was on a basically an older model
car but uh you can I mean that's I'm
guessing somebody's screwing something
up somewhere and and we're going to find
out about it in a few years once it's
everywhere and they're going to have a
huge issue to fix once there's 12
million cars that have this thing that
device and by obviously by identifying
this stuff earlier rather than later we
can uh help them uh secure those things
there's things like uh wireless
keyboards um those those transmit the
sensitive data obviously that you're
typing tying in over uh some sort of
radio
frequency there's things like baby
monitors those were in the news a little
while ago for being being hacked those
transmit fairly sensitive things over
Wireless
frequencies there's things like alarm
systems um those also transmit sensitive
things over Wireless frequencies there
was a uh a guy that was jamming like ADP
or you some various Wireless alarm
systems I think what they do now is
they'll put Wireless transmitters at at
some various locations that are either
battery powered or something um but
either way they transmit over a
frequency and someone was able to jam
them and evade the jamming detection so
someone could just break into your house
and not the system wouldn't go off so um
and they could also of course triggle
the alarm if they wanted to uh for no
reason I think one of the systems they
could get the code back to unlock the
system um all sorts of bad stuff in in
those going over those Airwaves so so
the so there what I'm getting at here is
there's so many you kind of endless
amount of devices you look as you look
around your house and around your office
that are uh transmitting over
proprietary radio
frequencies um so to do all this there's
a program called G radio and it's very
powerful and and and quite painful to
use it's uh has pretty bad
documentation um it's getting better uh
but it's kind of the de facto standard
and it's it's a free open source program
um so it's good but it's uh it's lacking
um
sometimes so what you do is you build
flow graphs you can you can write code
to do it but you can also just build
kind of drag and drop flow graphs to do
what you want to do with a radio signal
um here's one that listens to FM radio
uh it's kind of the hello world of uh
radio of of G radio is just building an
FM radio flow graph because it's really
easy to listen
to you can listen in on wir spikes with
G radio um I'll uh I'll show you that
here uh I think let's see what I'm I'll
similar probably have
to this I looked up one of these mics
earlier and
actually you can in that screenshot it
showed on from from
uh from Amazon The Frequency is
highlighted there you probably can't see
it with the resolution we have but uh
you can see what frequency it is and
then this is a similar program uh to
what jelia showed called gqrx it's
similar to
Sharp whoa we're getting weird stuff
late
I'll go ahead and kill that before it
yeah before it starts with the feedback
sorry it was talking late enough that I
didn't didn't recognize and it kind of a
little bit distorted but you can tune in
things like that very easily uh than um
and
uh so that's that's kind of one cool
thing it's pretty basic um to do that
but and I have no idea why do you guys
know why the there's like a bunch of
frequencies across the Spectrum instead
of just
one
all right I
um so that's uh that's one way to listen
to Just raw audio uh if someone's
transmitting that um there's you know
kind of endless possibilities for why
and then if you wna what I what I did
was I focused on this uh wireless
temperature sensor that I had in my
house it's kind of uh I just wanted to
pick one thing that I didn't know how to
read um so that's that's what I focused
on and you know it could be because I
didn't have a train to hack into I I I
went with my weather sensor um the uh so
but but that's I mean it could be some
similar protocol or you know it's if if
you can do um there's probably no
security in the training protocol that's
telling trains to put on their brakes
and there's probably no security in the
in the weather protocol um so you can
take raw signals using uh G radio and
actually I can show you the block
diagram uh for that let's
see oh we we're at a really bad
resolution here this is not going to be
good uh but you can you can uh record um
you can tune into a frequency and
demodulate it um it it probably looks
kind of complicated some of these are
grayed out and disabled uh but you
can um demodulate the frequency and and
write it to a file using uh the block
diagrams or you can just write straight
python to do it uh but but once you do
that um if
you at first you'll have just a uh um
that signal that was up there a second
ago I guess it's uh loading live over
Wi-Fi
um uh but that's what you
uh you you'll have this raw signal uh
and then once you Pro process it through
that flow graph you can have a um you
once you actually see the data every 39
seconds that thing transmits um and
that's what that that's what a
transmission looks like and when you
zoom in on a little bit you can see the
actual data being transmitted over the
wire and then when you zoom in some more
you can actually see uh still this isn't
enough uh
um resolution here it's not I guess I
guess I lost internet access sorry but
uh when you zoom in more you can
actually see I don't know if you can see
that there but there's a number of dots
um it's not doing anything uh that's
made up of a ton of dots you probably uh
and that's actually your sample rate so
when uh software defined radios or
radios when you hear about like your
downloaded MP3 or wave file that's 48 uh
Kilz or something like that um each one
of the those
is one of those dots so that's the
number of samples per second it's taking
um and that's just basically how it
reads it over the wire so that's uh
zoomed in just the signal and you can
actually uh I don't have a screenshot of
it here but you can actually or at least
on the slide deck but you can then from
there you can just take that signal
using python or or G radio and take it
to actual code and just and just read
what it is and then with the software
with these cheap software defined radios
you can only listen but the hacker
there's some uh cheap option better and
better options like hack RF and blade RF
that you can actually transmit on so um
these are just coming out uh they're
they're getting cheaper and cheaper and
they're really going to make a lot more
things a lot of things more more capable
um as we uh you know as they come out
over the next few
months um that's that's all I had
Kevin's next I guess show goes here I
see
thanks
okay I'm Kevin Bennett and I'm going to
Dem demonstrate for you one of the um he
was talking about some frequencies that
you can look at that have pretty neat
information on it I'm going to show you
one of those um what I'm going to be
demoing here is ADS andb which is
automatic dependent surveillance
broadcast
so um back in about 2010 2011 the FAA
came out came out with a requirement
that all commercial aircraft or all
General and Commercial aircraft will use
a new
protocol that will use their GPS to
report their position their ident uh
over a frequency that frequency is 10 90
megahertz so very convenient um these
aircraft will have a box in them that
that they can use in conjunction with
their GPS to broadcast where they're at
this is a uh a
uh a policy that they are going to make
mandatory by 2020 in the US it's
actually mandatory in Australia and in
some places in the in the uh European
Union right now what this will do is
replace some of the older transponder
and secondary Radars so that base
stations so the air traffic controller
can tune in have this equipment tune
into a frequency and see where all the
aircraft are at they don't have to use
any of this older equipment it's cheaper
and it allows for additional
features um their
whole premise on this was for safety so
um again it will help aircraft who could
put this cheap equipment in their
aircraft and actually see where other
aircraft are at and avoid other aircraft
uh without having to contact the the
tower and have the tower tell them where
other aircraft are um they can use this
VFR which is a visual flight reference
so if they're just flying and they're
looking out the window or in IFR
instruments only if it's really bad
outside they can also use this equipment
to see where other aircraft that they
can't see are that may be close to them
um some of the other things that it it
may eventually do is also provide in
weather in the aircraft so instead of
having radar on their aircraft they can
use a frequency to get their weather
information um some of the stuff that
currently adsb provides is the altitude
the aircraft number so its
identity um it's heading it's velocity
so it's speed and it's uh it's a cent or
decent rate plus also using the GPS it
location so a couple things you need if
you are a just a hobbyist that want to
gather this information is a cheap um
software defined radio um an antenna a
decoder software and then the software
to graph out the display pretty
simple I use the real Tech RTL which is
what um he was talking about it's about
10 bucks and I also even use the cheap
default antenna on there um and it
actually works um it's recommended that
you build a little bit better antenna
I'm not that far yet um eventually I
will for better
information and then the decoder which
I'll show you the software for and then
the actual
software so I've learned not to do live
demos so I'm going to attempt to show
you a video video of me doing a
demo
hopefully okay so on your computer
you've installed a decoder basically you
start that decoder up it comes into the
sorry
so this actually starts Gathering the
packets you see they're starting to
scroll down on 10 90 megahertz very
simple to do start up your software that
does the
mapping um I'm using adsb scope it's
free software you can get it there are
there's probably eight nine
different software Suites out there that
you can get um this is the basic
cheapest one free
I'm going through and I'm setting up
some of the pre- requirements for it
just making sure that it's going to read
my
decoder I'm going to set it to my
location I think it's somewhere in
Europe right now um I'm going to set it
to uh Missouri and I'm going to tell it
to start receiving data from the
aircraft now I was in Lee Summit
actually in the
basement and um as you can see with the
default
antenna I'm typing in my
location I've already started to receive
some aircraft there's an outbound
aircraft right there about 25 kilometers
out from Kansas City from where I'm at
I'm able to receive data from aircraft
about 150 miles 150 kilometers
out now some stuff to show you with this
it's hard to see but if you start
playing around with it you've got the
aircraft you got the aircraft
identification number that's being
broadcast you can go online put in that
aircraft identification number and pull
up what aircraft it is you can also pull
up usually what um what airline it's
flying for what its destination is where
it's from um all from that information
right there you've got the um the
longitude the latitude the
altitude um that aircraft right there is
what is it 12,000 fet
it's 18,000
ft um and it's
aund 180 miles an hour it is flying
outbound from probably from KCI going
someplace uh as you can see I've picked
up two aircraft that are that are
actually broadcasting their GPS location
again because this is not mandatory at
this time I'm going to pause it it's not
mandatory at time you can see I'm
actually picking up eight aircraft but
some of the aircraft is not broadcasting
its GPS they're not required to at this
time by 2020 they will be but I am
getting their altitude a lot of times
I'm getting their air speed um I'm
definitely getting their identification
so I don't know exactly where they're at
I know they're within 150 miles of us so
you know right now or at this time it
was about 8 o'clock last night there
were eight eight aircraft within 150
miles of Kansas
City um it's a really neat program
really easy to work with um again
there's some software out there that is
really really good this is basic fun to
start playing around
with um let's see one other thing I want
to show
you part of um the FAA requirement they
about about this software about this
requirement and basically what it says
it's actually number 31 on their list
because it's not that important
important will the information broadcast
by adsb out be encrypted for security
purposes no is their answer so just
leaving it there you could broadcast
these packets at that frequency and put
an aircraft anywhere in the world if you
wanted
to or a fleet of aircraft or a formation
cool looking formation or something of
course it would be illegal don't do it
but someone
there
all right so I guess I'm am I last all
right so um to continue on with the
theme of you know hacking RF and
software defining radio one of the
things that I wanted to talk about was
that um through the use of these really
cheap um SDR dongles that cost about
nine 10 bucks each you can
monitor digital trunk Radio Systems and
so anybody give an example of who might
use a digital trunk radio
system like the the police department
maybe
yeah threel agencies they still back
there maybe they're gone good so let's
Po and you guys got some of the basics
ear and I apologize I came in late I was
um coming in from flying in from DC
today and um had random bad weather in
Detroit and so I think you guys covered
some of this right is that right so syix
communication it's easy it's me you
walkie-talkies going back and forth um
pretty pretty good you use useful for
most the most extent except there are
some challenges and some of them are
that as if you got a walkie-talkie the
into that frequency you can jump in the
conversation right so to solve that they
came up with some access control methods
they pretty simple we really use some
simple tone phones and those types of
things to help make sure that you're
talking or can only talk to or hear the
people you want to hear so maybe you
know if I'm talking to Noah for example
and we're using ctcss right so we'll set
a frequency in the back end non-audible
that will basically filter out if if
Wayne Crowder jumped on our frequency
and he started talking and yammering we
probably wouldn't hear him because he
wouldn't have our code so that worked
for a little while but then they went to
trunking or and we'll talk about duplex
and repeaters next so they went to
duplex and repeaters the cool thing
about a repeater is that a repeater can
usually have a lot more power strength
than a handheld radio so stick it up on
a mountain it can see for a longer
distance and and the thing here with a
repeater system or duplex is using two
frequencies and um so you're talking up
on one frequency the repeater sends out
on another so you're listening on one
frequency and you're transmitting on a
different one you get more uh like I
said longer distance better range out of
it um helps to with some Access Control
problems because a lot of repeaters are
restricted you got to know the input and
the output frequency for example and if
for example if you're going to monitor
repeater systems you got to know the
output frequency primarily so you can
listen in on that those conversation
discussions so but that led to trunk
Radio Systems and the reason they kind
of went the trunk Radio Systems is oh
well there we go actually I saw this
really cool anybody here like cars
because I like cars and um this was a an
Sr T8 you know Dodge that was up at the
speedway and I heard that thing like a
mile away I mean it had headers it
sounds really cool and so I had take a
picture anyway that I guess KCK has that
car so you see that on this I actually I
doubt that they use that to patrol with
um anyway so trunk Radio Systems so we
know that um law enforcement public
agencies like to use trunk Radio Systems
and the reason that trunk Radio Systems
are pretty popular is that allows us a
pretty efficient use of our bandwidth so
if we're talking Simplex for the
majority of the time that frequency is
unused so what uh a trunk system all
allows you do is pull frequencies
together and utilize them in a more
efficient way so that way 20 30 people
can be talking at one time but you know
conversations can be relatively quick
transmission and so how does it work so
how it generally works is that you have
some control frequencies or a control
frequency depends on the type of system
and the control frequency basically is
on all the time it's a managed by
computer and it tells the recipients or
the users in the system what frequency
to go to when you want to hear
transmission and so there's this concept
instead of frequencies that you use
called trunk groups so in the Kansas
City area actually the whole metro area
most of the law enforcement has on a
single trunk system so they've pulled
together all the frequencies that all
these agency owns of LA Police
Department the Lenexa Police Department
Kansas City Missouri Police Department
Kansas Highway Patrol so they've taken
all the frequencies they used to have
individually put them together in this
um trunk system so they can all utilize
that they can even talk to one if they
want but if the Leal police department
has their own specific trunk groups that
they listen to so when a when a patrol
car wants a guy someone wants to get on
the radio and talk he Keys up his
handset and what actually happens in the
back end is that he actually goes out
and talks to the control system that
says Hey I want to chat the control
system says okay you're on talk Group 1
2 3 4 go to frequency X and then all of
a sudden it blasts that out to everybody
in the OA Police Department who's on
trunk Group 1 2 3 4 says hey if you want
to listen to a conversation on trunk
Group 1 1234 everybody tuned to
frequency X right now and it happens
instantaneously they go to frequency X
the guy says what he used to say gets
off the radio and then everybody goes
back to monitoring the control Channel
again make sense all right cool so
there's quite a few popular uh trunk
systems out there that are digital in
the area here they use project 25 uh
APCO project 25 and um it's one that you
can easily listen to so how do you
listen to Digital radio communication so
um one you can go out and buy a digital
radio at a couple thousand
bucks you can buy a digital trunk
scanner I've got a scanner here this is
an analog trunk scanner so this as of a
couple years ago became obsolete for
listening to um local law enforcement
for
example that works for KCK I thought
they're on uh project 25 they're not
okay cool so if I was in wine. County I
can listen to to them all right um or
you can go out and buy software defined
radio for about 50 bucks probably
probably less than that maybe 10 20
depends all right well I I paid 15 for
mine but that includes shipping so I
don't know so that was for one you need
two dongles to do it and the reason you
need two is you need one to monitor the
control Channel and the other one gets
told told where what frequency to change
to to listen to whatever communication
trunk group Etc frequency you want to
listen to so that's why that how why you
need two of those and so in order to do
that if you want to use SDR if you want
to spend $3,000 to go buy a used police
radio um if you're in the cheaper range
like you know I'm kind of interested in
is so you need two SDR receivers um they
look like this and you guys have seen
those he's got one as well um some so
and software so SDR sharp which was
already we've already seen a demo of
before that really you don't necessarily
need that to do the digital Comm but I
like to use it because it's an easy to
use interface because you got to find
the control channel that works best for
you and you can go out on the web to
like radi reference.com oops that's
you okay I know that's probably kind of
smart and hard small and hard to see but
this is the the page on radi
reference.com that shows for the Kansas
City um digital trunk group that most
law enforcement agencies on what their
trunk group numbers are as well as the
control frequency so you know if you
want to get all crazy you can plug all
these control frequencies in that's good
or you can use something like sdrsharp
and find the control frequency for your
signal all right and then uh so that's
good and all and if you're using it's a
digital voice if a digital trunk system
that's using analog voice signals you'll
be able to uh decode it right off the
bat using unit trunker um which is a
software that you'll need to to manage
the trunking right so controls your two
SDR radios listens a control frequency
and manages the receive um SDR Radio you
can also if if if that's not the case
for example here they use primarily
digital you'll need something to decode
the digital Communications and that's
where another piece of software comes
into play called DSD so it's um I think
is digital something decryption I don't
know decoding um so DSD will decode the
digital signal so you can actually
understand it so it doesn't sound like
you know like a modem basically is what
they sound like and then in order to
connect um in order for DSD to decode
that you need a virtual audio cable and
well yeah donation
we all right I and I use the donation
one so um and it seem it's it works the
other one one is freeware but every 10
seconds it gives this voice saying hey
you know you're using freeware please
software all right and I was going to
give a demo but unfortunately um I just
am not prepared I was on an airplane all
day long and um not ready for that I
couldn't get I couldn't get a I was
trying back there to get a frequency a
control frequency that could pick up
here I know what I could pick up my
house and OA but I couldn't pick up
anything I don't know if it's well
obviously this is the this is obviously
a really awesome antenna not
so so yeah this this is not a great
antenna so if you actually want to do
something really good with it the
recommendation is like you said buy one
or build one um I've gotten it to work
but I can't even inside this building
right even now I can't even pick up like
a radio station FM radio so um I don't
think I don't think it's my setup I
think it's it's the antenna because with
try
so interesting use cases I know we
talked a little bit about that earlier
and and Alex had some great examples um
modering utility usage so who in here
has kcpnl for your provider almost every
right for electricity who this summer or
over the summer had their uh meter
replaced I know mine was do you know
that those meters are now RF enabled go
look on the side it says FCC so guess
what you can
do well well well for one thing you can
do is you can monitor your electricity
usage right so instead of going out and
buying stuff no you can't do that um so
you can monitor electricity usage so it
actually puts it puts out pushes out on
a 9900 mehz frequency um your usage
report so it actually has a couple bits
of information of it one of is a kind of
a basically serial number of the meter
and the other one is you know what your
meter reading is and you the reason why
they have that is so a truck can come
down your street once a month get your
meeting reading meter reading figure out
how much electricity use andil you so if
you had a an SDR Radio like hack RF did
you talk about hack RF a little bit
because hack RF just got released it's
really cool it's like 299 it's a
transmission and receive SDR um I think
it's half duplex but um still phenomenal
price for what it can do I mean
basically zero to six gigahertz um
yeah
so so use cases I thought in my head was
you could put something in your front
yard that had a stronger signal than
your meter and you could say hey guess
what Sugo used 10 kilowatt hours of
electricity last month instead of
500 right it it's not encrypted there's
no authentication on it luckily you
can't do anything you know crazy like
you know turn off somebody else's
electricity or anything but you can
certainly spoof it right um You can
analy analyze and decode RF data
drop tape oh to the truck as it comes
through you know I didn't even think yes
so you can send a whole bunch of data to
it and then see what happens yeah you
could do that too be really interesting
to
off from what I've read now I I haven't
tried it it's it's primarily said to
just transmit information out and our
water meters are the same way right
they're they're radio enabled so they
don't have to come up and read you know
the actual meter itself you can decode a
lot of RF Transmissions so pager systems
um and so another use case that comes to
mind I was talking to a friend a few
weeks ago um and at some point in the
past he got caught speeding in the
middle of nowhere in Nebraska the police
officer went back to his his vehicle
came back with just a few minutes and
said I'm going to have to give you a
warning
because right now I'm in an area where I
have no radio Communication System
signal for my laptop to get to issue a
ticket so he the only way he can issue a
ticket was electronically so of course
that's got Gears running my through my
head is okay you've got a patrol cart
here if you got a patrol car behind you
and somehow you're able to you know get
a frequency out that's stronger than you
know what he's trying to you know
communicate on his laptop can he give
knows there are a lot of great resources
online go if you're interested in buying
these like these dongles are cheap
they're 10 bucks um 15 bucks if you're
getting ripped off like me I guess um
rtl-sdr.com has got great tutorials
everything to walk through through how
to do digital trunking setup um how to
just listen to analog signals listen to
the radio if you want um listen to you
know this cool wireless mic um which we
were doing I think last month right um
with our SDR uh dongles so some pretty
cool stuff there's a lot of things that
are off enabled and you'd be really
really surprised everything from weather
stations in fact um I know that my
weather station I used to have one in my
back porch and the weather thing uh the
the uh the temperature thing died a long
time ago but you know I basically I
found someone else and they had one as
well so I hooked it up to my to my
scanner and then scanner into my laptop
decoded it and then I didn't have to
worry about buying another you know $30
so or you could just walk outside say
dang it's
hot all right no all right cool that's
that's all I had um sorry that I don't
have the demo but um it really actually
isn't that hard DSD is pretty easy to
use it is command line so if you guys
like command line stuff that's kind of
questions Trent's going to have a really
really big electricity bill next
month uh shogo all right big round of