Jump Right
In a little word association image
Association what is
this tasty beverage tasty beverage what
else soda cocaine
pop pop is
a by looking at it it could be many
things we don't
know now it's word association
mean find out could be using a COR
PL up and down right something could be
this right
plug these are also called
plugs this is a plug on
WR these are the
know these are also plugs okay in
fact if you say plug somewhere else in
the world they're going to say what kind
of plug are you talking about a b is
this a European North the European South
it's a mess
so let's talk about malware and
viruses and that problem with names and
Association okay so here is Parker Reed
and I
apologize this is from virus total and
you have all these antivirus companies
and you have all these names right
what does that mean well I kind of
grabed one of them went out to the site
this is tougher to read so I blew this
up for
everybody okay so we have 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
8 they all refer to the same type of
virus okay in red we have the different
companies and so I equate this to which
team do you follow who is your team
because it depends on the name that you
have as to what team you follow right so
which team you follow which team you
follow here this is what drives the
naming industry for malware and viruses
right now okay so let's go into a couple
more I thought fun examples uh this is a
sample I looked at recently and one of
them didn't know and it's it's unified
malware that really helps you right if
you have kodo let's say you have Komodo
and your antivirus and it pops up and
says warning unclassified M right you
don't know what to do so as an incident
responder if somebody works in security
that can be a problem now there are
those and this is just a I'm going to
show this Twitter feed here one at a
time David Bisson is talking about IBM
security and how they have basically
married two pieces of malware together
to create a child a bastard child
called G right and it's completely it it
makes no sense it's all for marketing
it's all for flu it gives some data uh
Matthew Mesa well respected if any of
you follow malware like that watch this
guy he says can we not change the names
of known malware this is basically n
okay so the these are problems this is a
very recent post um you see 14th of
April I could have gone back and showed
just whole clips of this so now it's
game time okay play a game and the game
is yeah which botnet has been one of the
most common that no one really knows
botnet I need Jeopardy
music which
B and yes I did use comic Sands so I put
comic Sands in there as one
of
anyone
Cup oh this
one
I'll give you
hints okay here's a little
secret they are the same every one of
those is the exact same M the exact same
bot except for Comic
sser every one of these is a name for
the exact same piece of piece of Mal
that is a botnet that is very common and
uh you know I had to throw in a m my
father's in the crowd and he's probably
like what the f is the m what's that
mean you tell
me so hona cup bought net 15 million
infection okay this is a foxnet report
or Fox it report it came out uh about
six months ago talking about this and I
thought it was interesting we never
heard about it well probably because we
didn't know the common name okay so
rewind to a few months ago I'm at
botom and I decided you know this is a
mess because at bom this is a list of
all of the M that was discussed at bom
okay in fact the irony was why I use Pon
in this example you had different AV
vendors get up and present about the
research they
did and they were calling it The Name
They had and then you would get another
group of researchers get up call that
group out and say you're wrong here it's
actually this and we call it this and
that's you know the name of so you have
this infighting and it was it was almost
hysterical yet sad because you had some
of the smartest people in the room I
mean the the Eastern block has produced
some of the best mathematicians some of
the the best thinkers for this and they
are very good at reverse engineering and
trapping and stuff
and I made this Wordly for a talk I gave
there and said this is crazy and all
these fatter ones are ones that were
duplicates of other other botet other
bot Nets that were discussed at the time
so we need
somebody we need a vigilante okay we
need a Batman we need that Bruce
Wayne the Bruce way of security who
whoever that is I'm working towards that
and I'm here to talk to you guys about
why we need that first I am not the
Bruce way security and I'm not a very
good Batman I'm not built well my crime
but we need that vigilante we need
somebody with the resources and the
manpower to help come up with what cve
did for vulnerabilities
you may not like cve but you know what
cve does it unites a common cause to go
after imp patched systems to to show
awareness to do things it's not perfect
but it's better than what was before
which was a mess a nightmare you were on
your own it was literally the wild west
so when it comes to malware and viruses
that's where we're at we don't have this
common thing that that binds us we have
no way to map we have no way to tie
things back to either their origin
where they came from I love this you
know love geneology I want to know what
was that first sample of M and how did
it spread how did it split okay if any
of you are familiar with like Zeus Zeus
is a is a parent you could say in that
and then look at all the children from
it any of us who had to work on that
it's a
nightmare it's Satan's spawn it has
caused so many other MERS to come off of
that sample okay so we need a malware
unique
identifier uh something along that line
some maare ID maybe we can go into a
botn net ID we can take it into other
areas but really what we need is that
taxonomy okay we need a taxonomy that
says this is the sample here's the data
behind here's how if they can map
viruses okay this is the viruses that
infect mammals through their RNA if they
can map them out as to how they tib back
and how they work why in the world can't
security groups and the people in
security come back together and create a
unique identifier and a way to map how
my works okay we can use Big Data it's a
big buzz word but we can use the data
science behind it we have the computing
power storage is cheap enough it's there
we just have to have the ability we
can't keep our heads in the sand because
we're going to end up wrestling
elephants literally this is my web my
web page is called elephant wrestler
because of a conference I went to this
man knows this this guy help meire right
great
story so
chasing after malare the talk that was
given before the ransomware stuff you
were literally wrestling elephants you
going after a lot of times a criminal
element that has resources and all the
ability behind and we're busy chasing it
and trying to track it down from the
side when we're not collaborating so my
challenge to the group and my challenge
to
you is we got to do something because
it's going to make it better the fruits
of trying will be worth it the tools
that will be generated just by trying to
bring this data together think of this
how many of you are going to have in in
your office and you're going to try to
figure out where do I send them to learn
about Vates or malware or any other kind
of virus or any anything when it comes
to this there isn't you have to say go
Google aotn net and you know what you're
going to get you're going to get a bunch
of PDFs and white papers and marketing
fluff and a horrible Wikipedia entry
that's old that needs to be updated so
one of the things that I have bit
off is I want to start a back that
database and I have a couple domain
names and I want to make a place where I
can take all of these botn nets and
correlate them I want to take all those
names like you saw was a check box let's
figure out which one is really the bad
guy when they all are I want to have
that Central reference point I want to
point to all those folders I want to
point to or excuse me all those white
papers all those PDFs and then I want to
grow up from there and I want to take
that and show that it's possible and
then move that into a taxonomy and I Am
The Barking Dog on a lot of these people
I have been told I'm an idiot I been
told it's perilous what I'm doing I've
been told it'll never be done and I
cannot be a person with the head in the
sand this this is something that
security Community has to come together
on to me it's the only way we're going
to get ahe and there's going to be
groups that fight it there are going to
be major AV vendors I've been called out
when I gave this talk light me talk at
bcom just an initial three minute talks
I had a people come up to me and told me
I was an idiot and then I was doing
something very dumb I had analysts and
researchers say I want it let's do it it
would be great and I know there are
giants like kasperski there are groups
like Tren all these they're giant
marketing machines and they want to name
something and you know what this common
unique identifier has nothing to do with
a common name it's just like a MAC
address it's just like an IP everything
else we have domain names and point back
all that it's that simple and that's
what I told these people your marketing
team can call us whatever you want you
can have whatever common name you want
to go with but for the research for the
ability to get ahead and make a
difference you got to have this unique
identifier and you got to be able to
build this out and it's going to be slow
at first but as we start as new samples
come out new code is written and we
start to give them these unique prices
just like how the CV started it'll start
rolling people will start submitting to
it we need that Bruce way so that's my
rant it was 11 minutes if there's
questions I would love to have it what I
want is I'm not a database guy I'm not a
web designer I'm not there's a lot of
things I'm not I'm an analyst I'm a
thread and tail guy I I want to see
people get together and share and
collaborate so I want feedback I want to
know if we can start something here that