good evening thank you for everyone for
being here apparently very good Joel's
gonna deliver for us tonight so
apparently we are the brave souls that
are not paranoid about Kovan 19 because
we really get together with a group
without hearing and at least once good
housekeeping thing again red canary we
appreciate there are partnering with SEC
you seem to appreciate their investments
in the local cybersecurity again early
tonight folks so we appreciate their
partnership and their investment in the
local hacking community so make sure you
go by shake his hand I think there's
just one guy back there and learn a
little bit about what they have what
they have to offer there you have some
dirt ants so go talk to have a drink
ticket speaking of tickets
besides this coming out I should know
but it's like April many something like
that we have three b-sides passes to
give away this evening now you're gonna
play on this worse this is not sexy as
an organization reaching out that's not
how it worked instead to pick two
members of set Casey bought tickets and
said hey we want to donate these we want
to give these away so here's how we're
gonna do it and we're going to just do a
random drawing Martin is over here or
the watermark with your hand it's nice
and dark in here Martin is over here
he's gonna head back into the arcade
area and we're gonna follow our world
rules of where it stayed behind the SDM
Paul Martin has rented tickets okay I
leave that you all are going to be
totally cool with this yes they match
the free drink tickets that are being
given out by red Canary no they do not
have the markings on the back
the red canary tickets have yes they
could be forced but hey we're not going
to go down that route
Martin has these tickets between now and
the start of our second talk second talk
I should have that memorized I don't
remember when it starts it's gonna start
in about an hour that before that talk
we're gonna do the drawing for those 3d
sites passes all right that's how that's
gonna work but let's go ahead well let's
get into our first feature talk for the
night we have Brent stone Brett's going
to be presenting this evening on reverse
engineering ICS thank you all right all
right we got one one more time good
evening sexy yeah yeah my name is Brent
stone I'm gonna be talking I'm gonna be
feeling about three years worth of
research it's about 50 minutes it means
I'm gonna be laying on pretty thick but
don't worry this back-up plan one
everything's on github that bolded link
right there just if you can remember my
name keep the flyer you can find the
github repo and go from there so if
anything it's confusing doesn't make
sense you want dig deeper or you just I
wasn't doing a good job making it clear
doing this presentation you can go into
that repo and I guarantee it's pretty
well documented and there's working
proofs of concept there and data you can
work off of so don't worry about if
someone goes over your head now I can
dig into that alright so having some
problems
one second all right we're back
all right there we go all right so
industrial control systems why do I care
whoops all right one can't make John
robots robots about industrial control
systems ever since I watched robot jocks
in the 80s didn't love John robots it's
these legends basically for example if
you're going to watch your daughter
taking a seat next to a guy couple years
ago and he was very uncomfortable this
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
now still hating it here we go
we're good I'm good alright alright so
also there's a great talk recently at
RSA this year basically any industrial
control system you might work with
professionally or as a hobbyist it's
either gonna be not documented right
what should be no documentation provided
no automated facts is gonna give you
this back before the car that you're
driving right that's gonna be completely
opaque to you this is gonna help me do
that figure out what the heck your car
is actually doing especially to get
self-driving got a car like my funny
bear took my family in there where it's
kind of a sick part in there and just at
the car take what we're driving from me
I didn't fight it
that raised concerns obviously you want
to do more than just trust your om out
there have your best interests in mind
okay especially think about medical
electronics right moment you can find a
lot of money from what they did with the
to verify and then finally it was a
couple days to hear a teacher or
something like that
Walt I'm being a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] patience for a
machine learning and a little bit of
math alright also why do I care over
that
so what am I gonna be talking about
let's talk shop first really me I'm
talking about diversity and what I get
here is I need to make reverse engineer
but also this way of thinking about
reverse engineering industrial control
systems there's certain properties
specifically control systems that are
necessary properties of your normal
Network like TCP IP networks that you
can exploit and think about realism
ecologist complete about diversity of
those messages are big set and then
finally get into the actual applying
reverse engineering piece all right
[Music]
alright alright okay the key thing here
[Music]
firstly they're trying to say
[Music]
I just wanted to turn ability I want
delivery guarantee migrate brakes and
actually I don't have to worry but I
lose flexibility I have to fix end
points tactics driving and we can do
that for baggage which we do lose men
down we do game is there force make a
full decision afterwards and we could
use that term baggage for coming in -
all right so pretty cool things that
happen to become of this trade off first
Halos even fix for me all right because
you know any men that the manufacturer
a priori al4 halos can be formatted so
we needed to send on a wire all the
things work know how to interpret it all
right the other pics Palin's longer time
each of them the networks of device the
message the exact same message every
single time it's time for formatting but
they violate most these devices are
going to send seriously all right some
of its accurate advisory are updates
every millisecond or every 10
milliseconds or something like that and
then finally again network IDs are
typically used so you can without doing
anything prior terry object that they
use you can uniquely identify it
probably this Center and step are going
to share these typically for the same
reasons before and this is just Murphy's
we see anything okay you can see stuff
you trying to belittle 3-over working
work with me I got one of those I think
I should bring it back hey so another
thing that happens just rolling on so
because we're working with servos or
Motors is a broom broom particularly
another Creek analog signals right
proximation analog signals and like you
didn't understand those chemical time
series that were essentially samples
over time every time looks like observed
payloads at the top I've got a penguin
as I think here and then I extract that
out so I looked at or I interpret that
binary data or a hexadecimal data as
integers and then now I can label that
all right this is my vehicle speed Wow
there is a lot of room or well how do I
[Music]
one system but if I've added a little
bit of red to it so some prey now I've
had a little bit more than versity but
not quite diverse right for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a
little remnants and edibles again and
then if I had a lot of rabbits and then
a little bit of deer takes a more and
have all types available so the way that
you can quantify this is the chain of do
this change in information theory of
entropy now I have a numerical way and I
understand how diverse the signal is and
this gets to how do I differentiate
wizz-wizz signals from the state signals
okay for those of you identify or
disproportionate importance the
difference of the different specimens in
my sample population whether that's the
numbers letters and your plaintext
you're trying to encrypt or this is your
time series data that you came up
industrial control system if one type of
value is over-represented then you're
going to
a less diverse population and the goal
of cryptography is to create perfect
diversity by maximizing entropy same
thing of compression that looks for
repetitiveness and then it just
simplifies that to a single value is
saying alright just repeat this seven
times alright so now that we've got a
way to differentiate state from more
analog signals so that's one step in the
process of automating this next part is
how do we actually break apart these
payloads so let's say we've got a
sentence and we want to break that up
into its individual words each word it
would be a token this process is called
tokenization if you've ever worked with
compilers or something this is what the
written butter is now look at payloads
one way that you can look at the data is
take the whole sentence of one big chunk
not a good idea but you could do it so I
take my payload take it one big chunk I
get some output but it's probably
nonsense now if I actually put a little
bit nuance in this and I take part each
individual word now I get each
individual time series and this goes
back to the design trade-off of having a
just real control system oftentimes for
speed I need to embed multiple pieces of
information in a single payload and that
one transmitter is sending that same
information over and over again so I can
exploit that to try to find what
individual pieces of information are
embedded in the payload so how do I do
this there's actually an extremely
efficient method for doing it using just
X or Z so let's say I'm looking at data
coming over the wire I mean here I've
got a 10 bit palos I'm looking at
transmissions from top to bottom expire
occurring over time so the top payload
is the first observation I see the first
transmission from that industrial
control system agent and then the second
payload is line number 2 etc etc so I'm
looking at all the payloads coming
across the wire when I do is a pretty
copy of that data and you can also just
do this with a few registers if you
wanted to I shift it by one row and then
I XOR
observations against each other what
this tells me is when it flips from 1 to
0 or 0 to 1 I can record that through
the X or as a change okay I'm looking
for diversity and now I've got this
record of how many times if it is
flipping well because we're using
torrent machines because we're using
binary encoding which almost every
modern computer has to use you're gonna
have a lis significant in the most
significant bit and by necessity if you
have numerical data least significant
bit is almost always going to transition
more frequently than your most
significant bit not only that but it's
going to be a generally smooth gradient
of transition frequency from your most
dearly significant bit so you can do
this by just summing up the resulting
xor matrix and if you look at it
visually then you get a pretty good
educated guess on where the unique
pieces of information embedded in my
payload are okay and we're doing this
all by looking at diversity of single
bits or messages as a whole and now this
is a real-world example for my prius at
the front we got some some sort of
checksum and then we've got four
instances of my rpms and then we got
swarm at a dead end
okay so we've got two elements to break
apart individual payloads and then
compare pay list you know whether it's
an analogue or maybe a digital signal so
how do we how do we tell one signal
looks like the other apples and oranges
all right so this is one example of the
results of breaking apart a payload and
the output as you can see in the middle
I've got four instances of data that
look almost exactly like each other so
if I'm trying to automate this I want to
find all these instances that look like
each other not just in this payload but
across other payloads in the ICS and I
want to correlate those all together
okay so here's agent one zero one and
two these are different parts of my car
talking on the network and as you can
see pilot and
orange almost the exact same data is
being transmitted and this is makes
sense right I've got four wheels each
wheel is telling me how fast it's
rotating and so I'm going to get
repetitive data but then you get in this
more nuance if you look at the blue okay
this right here what they do look
similar so how do I actually capture how
similar everything looks and make a
decision about that
all right well ecologists already
figured out how to do this we have a
million different types of bugs and
we've got a systematic way of
categorizing this bug looks this similar
to that bug it's a tree of life okay and
then we've got a machine learning
technique that does the same thing idle
narrative hierarchical clustering
writing anything like that essentially
just says you give it a distance metric
okay so how similar these two things
look and then I will tell you how to
group them with the creep this time
let's call it dendrogram but you can
think of it the same way as a tree
length how similar are these two animals
alright nice thing about hackle America
clustering we don't need to know how
many different types or categories ahead
of time which is critical most of these
machine learning techniques you guys
give it a guess ahead of time how many
categories am I expecting hierarchical
clustering doesn't force you to guess
and I could also work with a single
distance metric like pairwise and then
like I said that dendrogram gives you a
very intuitive idea of how similar
things look and how the network is
looking in this case I'm just using as
long as one animal in this group look
like another animal in this group or a
signal looks like this signal I'm gonna
say the whole group over here looks like
this group over here okay that's single
linkage like that but there's other ways
to go about that like I want to look at
the most dissimilar representative of
this group and the most dissimilar
representatives and use that as a metric
okay there's different ways to do that I
haven't explored these other ways of
doing it if you want you know get
published or do some research
something worthwhile to do okay and then
how do I actually get the out of my top
Houston one of these signals look like I
interpolate and then I create my
correlation matrix correlation matrix
basically just says how similar is this
squiggly line look to the other squiggly
line you could have this big matrix here
you plug that into the clustering
algorithm and then it goes from there
again if you're not familiar with
machine learning or anything's going on
your head please look on the github and
we'll explain everything if I get a
distance matrix so I want high
correlation to represent load distance
okay when I'm clustering you just take
one minus that correlation matrix so if
I have 99 percent correlated behavior
then I want a very low distance so you
just do a conversion and then you plug
that into the clustering algorithm it
all works all right so now I've got a
way to extract information from my
payloads I've got a way to say what
information in each payload looks
similar to each other automatically and
in the general sense and now let's take
it one step further okay this is where
it gets a little bit heavier so let's
say cars in particular they've got a
protocol J 1979 same way that the
Environmental Protection Agency and
nishta National Highway Transportation
Safety Association found out Volkswagen
was cheating was because the whole
reason that that pork is underneath
their drivers column is you hook up to
it and then you hook something up to
your exhaust pipe and then you can say
alright the car is doing this and my
emissions are stay below this threshold
so J 1979 is the federally mandated
protocol that the car should comply with
so I can ask the car certain certain
questions like what is your current rpm
when is your current speed now that's
only covering about 10% of the total
carb
everything else is proprietary hidden
and obscured which is why Volkswagen
Nissan and all these other people right
get away with this for so long so I've
got a little bit of data labeled data
I've got a way to cluster them together
so I've got my speed rpm but now I've
got all these other signals are
proprietary I would like to know what
they are
well I can objectively say automatically
say well there's causal relationships
right when I see this line go down or if
I see the slide go block this other
thing that I don't know what it is goes
down or up all right there's a there's a
cause and effect there but I can observe
it visually well I can also observe it
automatically to algorithmically
so this goes back to predator and prey
right as my foxes kill whopper my
predator goes up my prey population is
gonna go down until it gets to a certain
point where they run out of prey they
start starving they die off the prey you
know repopulate and then this cycle
starts all over again you've got this
cause and effect well I got the same
thing here it turns out that there's
some really exciting science going on at
UC San Diego and elsewhere called
empirical data modeling we've all
learned this trope whether in math or
something that correlation does not
imply causation
well causation implies causation and
there's actually a way to test for
causation now and let me give you one
example of how we do it so what they did
is one experiment from he's an ecologist
a guy who kind of built on this George
sugahara he was looking at a cell and he
gave a special ink to the cell to
fluoresce as it was doing something I
don't know I'm not an ecologist it's the
way it is he took a time series of how
brightly that self will rest over time
so here at the top we've got this time
series that we're observing and then
again
right now but you can create this sort
of three-dimensional representation or
actually n dimensional representation of
this time series so you kind of get like
a 3d model of what's happening as you
can see it's kind of spinning around
here and then when it's about to go dark
again it's gonna hang out the bit slow
down here so right now see it's almost
totally dark and then it's about to go
back and you'll see it kind of trench
first this little road right here and go
back up and what that gives you is a lot
of predictability now you have without
knowing what's going on in that cell
that you can have an extremely accurate
model of what is happening so again we
don't know what the manufacturer made
this thing to do or we can predict a
priori what we were trying to get out of
this system but we can't create an
accurate model and so what what this
looks like in practice is your car is
what's called a dynamical system okay
so you're part of the car so when I was
looking at this data what happens is I'm
over here and I'm anticipating I'm
coming up to the stoplight so I press
the brakes on my speed my brake pressure
goes up and then it goes down when I
come to a complete stop and now I've got
other data that's coming out with the
same system your cars one system let's
call this my rpm and let's call this my
vehicle speed okay so all this stuff is
related to each other there's a cause
and effect going on throughout the car
and when you plot all these again we can
make this three dimensional or n
dimensional representation again I'm not
going to go into much detail why why
that is but what I can do is just
looking at the time series I get out of
the car from the stuff I already talked
about I can recreate this and now make
predictions on stuff I don't know what
it is so if this is my rpm and speed
that you get from J 1979 and I don't
know what this group was I can still
measure how strong that causal
effectives and what this allows me to do
is if I've got this then I've got this
representation this is my model for
brakes this is my mom
rpm turns out there's a one-for-one
relationship between these two the
mathematical term for that a field
morphic relationship again I'm not
trying to impress anyone with these
words but I'm just throwing it out there
so you've got it available what happens
is as this is going around or a little
cool little sketch here every single
point on here it's going to relate to
exactly one and only one point over here
so what that allows me to do is just
like machine learning where you can make
models that predict okay my next values
gonna be ten my x values gonna be eleven
based on my previous values you can do
that for this stuff that you have no
idea what that data is and it's in this
dynamic relationship you can use these
models to make predictions of each other
the net effect of this is now I could
look all right this is my RPM and this
is my unknown
let's break if I take kind of three
points on that model I can and I move it
one time stamp look at how accurate that
prediction is for where the new value is
on that model now I can quantify how
good my my my manifold is for predicting
the end state here is now I've got my
speed got my okay I don't know what this
is but I can't tell you how strong those
causal links are okay and this goes back
to the automatic piece well now if I
have several instances of training a
supervised learning algorithm saying
like hey speed in rpm if you see this
kind of causal strength and you see this
causal strength to another cluster over
here because we've trained this this
system I know that's a break okay so now
you can get into this thing where is
completely unsupervised at some point
you can reverse engineer your entire car
as long as enough people add data to the
sort of training model to say like hey
I've observed by rpm and speed have this
strength of the causal relationship on
to my braking signals and now we can
completely automate the whole thing
alright so let's go to the actual
application here this
the code that you would see on github
the whole point the only thing you're
going to need to modify is this first
part up here to change it to any other
protocol I've already changed this code
to several other protocols and by and
large the only thing you need to take up
here there might be a little bit of data
massaging that you might need to tweak
here and there but by and large if you
want to use a different protocol other
than can just change the protocol
specific pre-processing that's on the
github lexical analysis is why I talked
about earlier you take tokens like this
is the sentence you break it down
individual words processes knows lexical
analysis your compiler does it all the
time and this is how we specifically get
after algorithmically the process I
talked about earlier where I've got
multiple pieces of information and been
in my payload I want to get these time
series out of that I see these hills
right here you can just do a hill
climbing algorithm so you start at the
first bits a bit zero okay I'm gonna
move to the next bit is that bit greater
than or less than the one I just saw if
it's greater than then I'm going uphill
it's less than and I'm going downhill
okay this automatically counts for a
little endian or big-endian encoding
another necessity of Turing machines of
binary encoding now I just want to keep
adding the bits together and assume that
they're all part of one message as long
as I continue to go uphill or I continue
to go downhill if I also have a big
change in that then I can assume that
I've come to one of these edges right
here okay and now I need to start a new
there's a new piece of information
embedded in this paling once I reached
an inversion a five I'm either I was
going uphill and also known packet 0 or
I'm just going downhill and now also Dan
went back up start a new thing and then
beginning with wherever that new bit was
start there and forget
process all over again two little tweaks
to this simple hill climbing that you
can do is wand decide if you want to use
padding mix so a lot of times
manufacturers for one reason or another
decide not to use a bit at all so there
will never be a flick it just always be
zero or always be one every single
payload that's transmitted so you can
decide alright do I want to include
those padding [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] when I put my
cluster and interpret this data the
second thing you can do realize there's
not always a perfect Hill going so you
can see here like I've got a little bit
of a bump down I went downhill a little
bit so when you look at this cone on the
game hub there's a thing with a variable
American accent version well that's not
allowing you to do is account for it
going downhill does a little bit and
accept that and continue to cluster
those bits together to group them into
one piece of information and that allows
me give you a little bit of flexibility
in tune it
I have not explored using different
values or smarter ways of doing it I
just picked point two for every single
car and looked at work good enough for
me but certainly something that could be
improved on and then finally semantic
analysis is this process of I've got a
sentence I broke it up into different
words but now I want to know the word
sentence what type of word is it it's a
noun okay so now I've got I've applied
to meaning to what one of those that
goes back to the apples and oranges
piece you know I know one thing in this
cluster is rpm because I asked for that
information
I could say everything in that cluster
is rpm that process is known as
semi-supervised learning but the way a
semantic analysis performed slice and
dice those payloads interpret the data
as a time series now this is another
piece where I got I just ran out of time
he got a little bit lazy and I could
definitely use smarter people to help me
with this is I just assumed everything
was
integers but that's obviously not going
to be the case a lot of time numerical
down over there there's nog numerical
data so if you look at the code just go
in the back step I'm just sort of
punched it just assumed okay you're
gonna be a buffer and you're gonna be an
unsigned number normalized interpolate
so like I say everything that's working
on the network it's gonna probably send
things synchronously some things aren't
asynchronous but things are gonna send a
different synchronous rates so one thing
might be sending thousands of message a
minute another thing might be sending
one message a minute so I need to be
able to compare those two equally so I
have to interpolate my data to whatever
my most frequent transmit rate was and
then go from there
technically the correlation matrix which
I talked to you if you have to clear
correlation matrices don't worry about
it it's just a measure of how similar
two things are filter based on that
Shannon Index okay so if I want to say I
don't care about state I don't care
about digital signals I just want the
analog because that's what I really care
about I personally chose to filter those
out but you can make a different
decision and then I removed any negative
correlations so I've named if I mean if
this goes up the other thing goes down
that's negative correlation I just
ignored those for the time being in the
current code but there's something you
could definitely work on cluster them
and then partially done look at the
causality between clusters I talked
about one thing I did not get time to do
was build that supervised learning
algorithm again all this code is on
github and is 90% of the way there to do
the supervised stuff but it's gonna take
a little bit of extra effort alright so
how well does it all work what I found
is almost every every single car I had
over 90 percent consistency or accuracy
now anyone that knows working with
interpreting data if you're off by one
bit that's gonna screw up your whole
interpretation if you're only assuming
everything is a signed integer that's
also gonna screw up your interpretation
so being 90 percent is not good enough
you need to be 100 percent accurate even
99 percent accurate
kind of rough so if I miss that most
significant bit that's gonna be a big
problem for me if I missed at least
nificant bit I could probably survive
that but what I found is over time no
matter what driving conditions I was
working in or if I split and recombine
my data in a bunch of different ways I
maintained a lot of accuracy on the
question of how do you know accuracy
without knowing the truth data that's a
whole another topic that is in the
documentation but basically what I found
is whether I was driving on a runway so
I just was on a straight drag try pedal
to the metal I've got to the end turn
around pedal to metal went all the way
to the other side or about driving the
city or if I was in my full community
form I worked at home the results were
identical except for the city driving I
dropped one I've changed one thing in
practice I think I filtered this out and
again I'm just using don Tunes
parameters I'm not particularly trying
to be good at this I just use default
settings that I thought looked okay good
enough so it's pretty accurate so far
but certainly be improved with that I
was I got a fuller with the 17 cars I've
personally looked at I'm happy to walk
through the results and output and
answer any questions so I open it up
yeah yeah so so the two questions finder
stood them correctly the first question
was from an academic standpoint well
what's the kind of the Venn diagram
between computer security machine
learning and just traditional computer
science is that fair one I just want to
really truly re-emphasize that I am a
terrible hacker you know if you define
hacker in like a very general terms why
are even a cybersecurity person in a
very general term of you know making
things - using things in an unexpected
ways to get cool results then sure I
consider myself a hacker but if it's
something like the next speaker you know
working through the Christmas and
holiday hack challenge I would bond that
stuff all the time I would consider
myself a decent computer scientist and a
decent machine-learning guy
what's the overlap that really I think
that really depends on your goal is if
you're really trying to make if your
only goal is like maximize your paycheck
then certainly machine learning and
cybersecurity are great and if you can
combine both of those then even better
if you've got the time really my biggest
recommendation to anyone trying to get
into this field and develop their skills
is take a statistics course before you
do anything else even computer
programming if you understand statistics
and you understand linear regression in
particular just that very I call it
foundational but really it's almost kind
of master's level you can do you'll
understand machine learning a hundred
percent better than people who does
click the button understand statistics
go from there the second question was
about the embedding so the other nice
thing about empirical data modeling and
what George sugihara's doing is this can
also automatically be done so
determining the correct embedding so let
me let me back up real fast the I'm
using the word embedding what embedding
means is how many dimensions are
using so two-dimensional is a plain
three-dimensional is kind of what I
shown you the time series is arguably
one dimensional okay all the EDM stuff
and there's a link to it on the github
and there I barely understand it enough
to talk about it
it can automatically tell you the
correct embedding so if you remember
Jurassic Park okay and he has a you know
that chaos theory thing of like you know
butterfly flaps its wings and then it
affects you know the someone crashed in
China okay this is the same field of
study what this empirical dad model I
could do is yeah well the butterfly
flapped its wings but it really didn't
have a substantial effect there's
actually it'll automatically tell you
how many things you should consider when
making that model to capture what's
necessary so it'll tell you the correct
embedding so for me like if I'm trying
to make a model for my break I just give
it all the data that I have and it will
tell me which data I should be using to
recreate that manifold so I'm so sorry
yeah so he can tell you what what what
and change between metric is English
units displayed that doesn't change the
data so one thing I did the sidestep
that problem is I normalized everything
so I assumed everything was numerical
data again was a cop-out move on my part
I assumed everything was numerical and
then I normalize it normalized it and by
that I mean scale it from a zero to one
so whether it's using US or metric units
it's gonna create the exact same time
series if that makes sense
but that's a cop-out because at a
certain point you might want to know all
right well what is my actual value and
that's where you're gonna have to do
some manual reverse engineering sailing
all right it got me all the way I've got
I know exactly what bid somewhat
transmitter I'm paying attention to but
I want to know like the actual speed or
the actual rpm that the car considers
you're gonna need to like add a scaling
factor back to that time series to find
that out so one one that I'm thinking
about one thing that would be an
interesting research Avenue is because
we've got this de 1979 data I can't get
the actual vehicle speed and then if I
know like okay I think this signal of
this time series is vehicle speed then I
can probably just do a division or a
multiplication and get figure out that
scaling factor automatically so if you
if for example can you you have some
truth data available then you might
of straight-up legit as a reminder the
raffle tickets for the three besides
passes first two are normal you're just
your normal entrance badge last one is
one of the sites of blinky badges those
things are are super super cool I didn't
get one this she's ready to get signed
up in time but those are those are
pretty cool so anyways I can't see
anything right now but Martin should be
in the back he's wearing a beige sweater
he has ticket still left one one ticket
per person see him and we'll do a
drawing here we're gonna move Jonah up a
few minutes just trying to get you guys
out here a little sooner
so 10:15 this were the tunes and we've
got the second talk where Erik's gonna
talk through the doing very well in the
sands holiday hat shop alright last talk
I was really excited about both of these
Fox tonight you not gonna go any to
another meeting in Kansas City get tech
talks like this like this is this is
just amazing material hair jeona is up
next some of us have played around some
more than others with the sands holiday
hackathons Stan's holiday hack challenge
as somebody that has did on that and not
me Brody progress I have high levels of
respect for those that have navigated
through that and err
come talk to us about his experience
within Turk there you go thank you the
last talk tonight oh man thanks everyone
for sticking around later than usual all
right hopefully this is beneficial to
you guys to explain what happened but I
will be talking about the sands 2019
holiday hike challenge and how I was
able to hack my way to super honorable
mention
so yeah that's me Eric I go by giotto
okay raise your hands
um who's I sneaked on the sands holiday
hug challenge does anyone actually
donate those those what it is he's a
little bit I'll explain a little bit
what's going on that way we can have a
little foundation on everything so this
is an annual hacking challenge made by
the same organization they do cyber
security training certifications and
things like that so Sam's in the cover
Noctowl troupe they come together every
year they make this holiday hike
challenge so released around December of
every year mid December let's just say
December 15th and you can think of it as
a CTF we didn't aim the bass challenge
where we have to truly have to use you
know cybersecurity skill sets in order
to solve these these challenges so
that's your progress you can actually
formulate yourself a write up submitted
into
holiday challenge group and you can get
entry into a contest so this contest
they give out swag select t-shirts and
stuff but they also give out some pretty
cool prizes such as a subscription to
networks so we have never been networks
before I have not either
suppose it's pretty cool you can
actually win that they actually have
training so on the main team live
training they give this a lot for free
just by submitting into it so a lot a
month after the window closes so close
around January February they asked the
winners they will go over a couple
different categories one of which is the
honorable mention also give out a super
election which their words not mine is a
category to give out for people to win
above and beyond their entries their
write-ups are considered superb
demonstrated and speaking as well so
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
okay I figure I was well let's just say
that they hand out three grand prize
winners I was not one of them the
winners that did wind and awesome if you
go to a website the holiday hack
challenge website you can actually see
the winners that one what they did in
their write-ups awesome stuff okay so
instead this is the annual hacking
challenge right so this actually is
hosted every single year and what
happens if you miss either this year's
previous year's things like that will
you actually go back and actually work
on these if you've missed them due to
whatever reason if you weren't available
didn't have the time weren't there yet
we're born yet
I mean yeah there's still only today for
you to practice on so check them out if
this has any interest to you they're all
theme based so in 2017 it was called
winter 2015 they had a nova near home
challenge it was like this command and
control device that you had in your home
that was beating out pretty cool Dean
base which makes it a little bit more
fun winner when you're walking through
everything so last year the 2019 one was
called cream cone two previous year was
called cream con basically Santa Claus
and some elves are hosting this
conference up in the North Pole so this
year our job was to figure out who stole
these two turtledoves and why did they
get up so i want to go over a little bit
on what you can expect when you do the
same holiday
because I had I hadn't really spent that
much time on it and honestly I was kind
of weird out it just felt weird for many
reasons
what a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you just have like this
avatar that you're hopping around with
and it was really confusing I kind of
want to hear that out that way you're
not kind of intimidated or turned off by
something like that the very beginning
so we log in for the very first time you
have this avatar you're navigating
around with the arrow keys and the mouse
and all that you will bump into these
NPCs these characters that have green
riding over their name you can actually
interact with them click on them they'll
talk to you and tell you about what's
going on what you look for I kind of
just go over the whole theme of this
whole challenge so also you'll notice
that these NPCs I'd be standing next to
this Raspberry Pi terminal what this
terminal is it's considered like a mini
challenge something that you can do in a
relatively short amount of time
the challenge is buried in types so for
example one of them this year was like
an ID tables challenge so if you've
never done anything able to pour one of
these sounds just do that you actually
block stuff pretty cool PowerShell is in
there as well you need to do navigation
look for a particular file maybe like a
Christmas present
whatever put it all in there you can do
it really quickly at the library at some
computer that isn't yours and lock it
actually conduct these it's a little
mini Linux terminal pretty funny so if
you do these mini challenges they
actually help you towards the grand
challenge
what are these grand challenges well
these grand challenges are the
objectives that you're actually trying
to solve as the story line there were
twelve last year they range in
difficulty so the easiest is a little
bit difficult more difficult as it goes
hardest right but you want to solve
these and then you can kind of enter
into this contest if you want to have it
right there was a wide range of
challenges both offensive and defensive
which I thought was pretty neat right
you think of holiday hack challenge you
always take a packing crate you think of
something offensive exploitation
whatever but it's not necessarily the
case they've actually done a variety of
different things so I thought this was
pretty cool I am on the offensive side
and learning the defensive techniques
skills was pretty fun to actually use
for the first time or go a little bit
more depth on something I had not done
previously there was even a full bloom
Enterprise so if you've never heard of
sports before or never used one before
you can actually use it here in the
holiday hack challenge you can log in
and run queries run pivot searches stuff
like that and if you have even done that
before they have these
my challenges that help you learn
process so you never even log into swamp
here's your opportunity to literally
explode with a sponsor no that's pretty
neat okay like I said there's all kinds
of stuff a lot of different type of
offensive things but it wasn't like run
and map ryan Metasploit run this exploit
like that wasn't what the whole
offensive side was in this i thought it
was pretty neat because everything's
like machine learning a lot of scrutiny
not evil but just know that it wasn't
just run this exploit before so run this
technology in a malicious way in a way
that an attacker would and again really
cool stuff in my opinion a lot of times
you either write your own scripts or
they give you something to my work
different languages that you may or may
not have used before so just the things
that may be learning is fun that's what
we're doing this here's a list of what
it's actually show right these are
things that if you actually completed
the entire all they have challenged you
would have actually done and used all of
these skills here all these schools
again in my opinion pretty cool there
was even a challenge around ki beti i
did not know what key bidding was first
time i was really introduced to me
it's a way that if someone were to take
a picture of your car keys or a picture
of it and post it somewhere that you can
see you can actually reverse that out
and duplicate that key physically just
by having the bidding data of that so
don't post your house keys online
because someone can actually make a
physical copy of it and we actually
demonstrated that in the holiday hack
challenge again pretty pretty neat stuff
okay so there are a lot of write-ups
already online this challenge has been
going for once about the winners have
been announced so there are plenty of
places you can go to actually read about
and learn the steps needed in order to
figure out each challenge I'm not going
to do that instead I'm going to go
behind level rather than 10,000 feet
maybe three four thousand maybe a
thousand but not granular enough to
where these steps are reviewable
it's just in the house its dreams
anywhere there will be no go down here
just really have everything there all
the links all the things you need for it
that's not what I'm trying to do but
hopefully this is a way that kind of
gets you interested in doing the holiday
hack challenge and and I'm just kind of
showing you my thought process what
happened okay so as we progressed
through the holiday hack challenge we
are presented with objective eight ruled
it further down in the
[Music]
okay so what happens is because the
problem is in order to enter into this
contest you need to be in health
humans are not able to submit and what
this defense mechanism is is this
CAPTCHA portal what does that look like
well here's what it is essentially um
this CAPTCHA has 100 images ranging in
items right Christmas trees Christmas
presents candy canes things like that
and we're given an option to choose
three images that they tell us what they
are right and select all those images
that match that item the problem is in
order to do that we have to do it all
under five seconds so you don't have all
the time in the world to select each one
individually you actually have to
identify them within five seconds so
what's the problem here well the problem
is that that's impossible
a hundred images to be able to go
through to identify and answer we cannot
do that ourselves we need to figure out
the way to actually buy
as this so how do we bypass this well we
can actually use machine learning I
mentioned that this is a prequel Cod
right so the whole thing of the
conference so there are security
professionals that have made videos that
you can watch that may or may not
pertain to the challenges that we're
dealing with so if you watch a
presentation that might say hey this is
machine learning you should check it out
if you don't know machine learning is
but this presentation here that I'm
talking about is about tensorflow this
tool the machine learning tool so it's
basically a tool that if you give it
information images in our case if you
give it images it will learn what that
image is for example let's say you send
in a bunch apples well another picture
of an apple later on oh that's right so
for the holiday hack challenge which
means old tensorflow we actually got to
use it again it's not just knowing what
it is actually applying it with it all
of this so you have a VM that you have
that you install and you give it about
25,000 images that actually starts to
learn what everything is
so what we have our machine learning
software setup the next thing was to
identify what actually this is capture
that's doing right what kind of
communication is going on I noticed
during the whole thing that the
communication basically when you go to
capture it sends you back this JSON
garbage right and JSON has these base64
encoded stuff in there right so what
does that really mean I'm kind of
confused because what actually happens
is is all 100 images are base64 encoded
so we were to take one imager but I
from that JSON data set it would
actually be cool to a PNG image so now
tensorflow if you were to give that a 64
to tensorflow
decoded it starts understand what you're
giving it so how did I solve this
challenge well but I use Python I won't
worry with the code again but here's
just a high-level so my steps that I
took for this was the first thing was to
identify the three items the CAPTCHA
actually gave us right so we go this
capture portal says she's a Christmas
present a Santa hat and a Christmas tree
or whatever we had to identify that from
the response that was given to us to
dicapta the next thing was decoding the
JSON page 64 syntax right so now we have
a hundred images that are in PNG format
we then send all 1u images all 100
images through tensorflow so Matt was
able to identify if one of those items
matches one of the three items given to
us after that we needed to figure out
how to respond actually this caption has
a response that we need to give it once
we figure that out we were good to go
and were able to bypass this caption I
thought it was pretty neat that's why
I'm trying to explain it right now
hopefully I did a good job all right so
the next objective objective number nine
this was the one right after objective
number eight right so after we helped
Krampus
it'll submit an entry into this cookie
contest he's like dude dude thanks so
much the help you know you helped me out
here you've gained my trust I got this
problem right the problem is I'm this
owner I'm this webmaster of this website
and I can't access myself
credentials can you hack my website for
me so we actually gives us permission to
hack his website we are led on that
sequel injection vulnerability so we
kind of have an idea of what we're
trying to actually solve here so we're
using this website provided right and we
notice like a university student portal
where you know students are able to like
login or by master login but like
applying for classes check their
application statuses and stuff like that
so as we're actually navigating around
this website right we're looking for
sequel injection right we're calling the
website looking for something that we
can inject into so we come across this
application form if we were to just
submit an entry like any other person
would we would get a message saying
thank you very much your application has
been successfully received and that's it
however if we were to go back to that
same form and actually put an apostrophe
within the first name field write an
apostrophes kind of like a basic test
winner when you're trying to look for a
sequel injection flaw if we were to send
that we received this message right here
right so this is the sequel syntax error
message stating for us or at least
believing on that India vulnerability is
president right maybe a sequel injection
vulnerability as president how do we
exploit something like this well as I'm
going through the exploitation process
right using something like
Purfleet you can use whatever you want
but if I want to send that to the
repeater it start manually
durability I would give this message
right here basically saying that my
token is invalid or expired right so
what does that mean what's actually
happening here well I noticed right so
looking through my proxy history of try
to understand why I am getting a message
like this and what's happening is
there's this token that is being added
to our submission form on its own right
and if we do not have that token then we
actually get an error message saying
that the token problem for whatever case
but if we were to include that token
like it is done automatically without us
doing a manual process then we would be
okay the problem is we're not we're
having trouble exploiting it because of
this token right the SI serve token is
preventing us from actually doing
anything
so how was I able to bypass this well
you know anybody that was super map is
hopefully okay well single map is an
automation tool used for sequel
injection you can use something like
sequel map to automate the the attack of
that vulnerability so I use that for
this exercise the problem is like 10
getting that same Hermes trying to say
that my token is invalid because I'm not
updating my request with the proper
token so this is where a module within
sequence and it's basically a way that
you can become more regular with your
attacker or granular with your request
that you're submitting so I created a
custom tamper scripts possible within
Python that was able to hold the token
that was being grabbed
before my request and including that
with
actual application form request once I
was able to do that that message now
went away the problem is then the way I
was actually running my attack and this
was probably a fault of my own but the
request header that i was submitting was
incorrect essentially what I did to
correct the header was a youth burp
suite there they're matching replaced
functionality so I proxies sequel map
drew burp suite found that incorrect
header that I was submitting and I
replace it with the correct header at
that point everything was fine my attack
was able to go through and then using
sequel map I was able to actually
exploit this vulnerability okay
so objective 10 this was the the next
the next objective and everything and
honestly was probably the most fun for
me it was but it was manageable and I'll
try to break down the steps needed
because that's what everything is right
you're trying to break down these
difficult tasks into something a little
bit more manageable so this challenge we
use item we actually used item in this
challenge we used Wireshark we had
scripting there was some reversing going
on a lot of cool stuff so after we help
Krampus with the sequel injection
vulnerability he says but check this out
I noticed that there was this encrypted
document that was on my web server that
he think goes on to say that this
encrypted document appeared to be
encrypted by this piece of software that
they use at the University and the
problem is in order to decrypt a
document you need to have the secret ID
that secret ID will give you the
decryption that the Christian key in
order to decrypt that document so for
this objective we were giving you some
information that we were giving the
encrypted document itself we were also
given the tool used to encrypt and
decrypt documents essentially this
document being one of them if we can
figure out a way how and we were also
[Music]
believe this document was encrypted so
we're giving everything we needed in
order to solve this exercise but how do
we actually do that well it comes down
to understanding that we have this
encrypted document we need to decrypt it
right and this can ultimately done be
done with brute force okay
so first before we start going down that
rope that hole right we got to
understand and formulate ourselves a
plan right so we want to use Wireshark
because this encryption tool actually
does web request out grab stuff and then
brings it back in so we can use
Wireshark to capture that data we need
to do some reversing
so we need to understand what encryption
tool is actually doing that way we can
actually kind of do something with it
right and we need to have some scripting
involved in order to automate this whole
process we are reinforcing this okay so
our first challenge is to understand how
the tool actually works right so what I
did was I started encrypting and
so I created a document let's just call
it air txt the content eric is awesome
and we sent it through this encryption
tool what happens on the other end well
we were provided with the CID we were
provided with the secret ID and then we
were provided with the document itself
that has now been decrypted make note of
that seed ID because we will come back
to that later the next thing was the
decryption process what does that look
like well when we decrypt it we actually
have this provided with the secret ID if
we provided with the secret ID we are
then provided with a text document and
make note that the whole time I use
Wireshark again to actually intercept
this information and get an
understanding of what's going on okay
what is this see thank you
well the seed ID was given to us every
time we actually encrypted a document
every time we risked encrypt this CD ID
would be popping up to us so what was
that well it turns out it was actually
unix time or epoch time it was the
string in numbers that was on our screen
if we were actually working to decrypt
that we would be given the time frame in
which we decrypt or sitting
the time frame in which we encrypt our
document so when I encrypted my document
Eric
txt this D value was given to me very
useful later so the next thing we need
to understand was the algorithm tool
actually used this scope but just know
that when we actually disassembled our
tool with Ida we're looking around for
functions right that might look
interesting one of the functions is
actually the algorithm used by this tool
after we figured that out we now had
more information right when did we have
well we have the algorithm the tool used
that's very helpful in maybe creating a
point of proof of concept
polc we also have the C value this T
value decrypted into the epoch time the
timestamp in which the document was
encrypted at least our document right
and then we had the time frame in which
the document was encrypted by the
attacker so we know the attacker
encrypted at a certain time but how do
we create that well maybe we convert
into epoch time right so what did I do
that to solve this problem well the
first thing I had to do was find out
what time the document was encrypted out
so we know what that is what I did was I
converted that time in time that came
out to be about 7200 keys or assuming
7200 seed IDs after that we needed a
creative script in order to figure out
the decryption key so what can be done
right we have the algorithm in which
this tool uses we can send the seed ID
right that date that epoch time through
the algorithm and actually get the
decryption key the problem is we don't
know what key it is so let's just do all
7200 and have 7,200 possible he's after
that the next step was pretty simple we
now had 7200 possible encryption keys we
now created another script that would
decrypt that document each and every
time it would fail 70 199 times but one
time it would actually work that one
that worked is the key that we needed
and we were able to decrypt the document
yes so the question was did I create 70
100 99 documents fake documents in order
to figure this out no I had that one
document but I had 7,200 keys one of
which would decrypt that document so I
had 70 199 failures no I created a
script that would run that absolutely
yes
great question so you would have want to
fail so it's an exported document what
would not occur but there was collisions
so I didn't have about 10 collisions
where it was a valid encryption key
because someone around that same time
frame created a an encryption or sudenly
created an encrypted document but it
wasn't the right key for that document
so I did have some collisions where I
had a document that was corrupted
however I just kind of manually went
through all 10 or 15 of those and one of
which was actually the clear text
document all right so this will be the
last exercise oh I'll be going through
it's the 11th one right I'm kind of
going through order here just to kind of
get an idea and make you understand what
the whole theme looks like so the the
10th lock or excuse me the the whatever
exercise actually I might miss one right
so the 11th exercise actually is where
we figure out who
[Music]
of this operation that we're talking
about their name was written on the
sheet of paper and this sheet of paper
was locked away in some crate the
problem is this crate was locked so we
need to figure out how to unlock this
crate so there were 10 lakhs that were
on this crate this crate was essentially
a website right that's what the crate
looked like it was a website and there
were 10 lakhs on its website in order to
unlock each lock there were a series of
riddles to help you kind of figure out
what the code would be so what are the
riddles would look something like open
the console and scroll a little so what
does that mean well if we start
understanding what the riddle trying to
tell us basically it's telling us to if
we if we were to open up our websites or
web browsers we would go to the console
tab click on that and then we would see
this code this 8 digit alpha alpha
numeric code and what that code would do
would unlock that lock right so if we
did that 10 times with the ten different
riddles on 10 different processes that's
what all that's what all 10 lakhs look
like so they all had the same process
the problem was all ten crates or all 10
lakhs would refresh every time we
refresh the website so if we were to go
back to the website press refresh button
and go it would be a different code so
the code used to be 1 2 3 4 5 we refresh
we actually understand what the process
was not necessarily what the code was of
that process that that makes sense so
all this can be done do your web
browsers developer tools so if you've
never used developer tools before this
is a great exercise to kind of navigate
around and understand what's going on in
your browser because a lot of
goes on your browser that you don't
actually see so upon completing this
exercise unlocking all ten lakhs we are
presented with an image who says who the
villain is we're also giving the amount
of time it took missus all day so this
taste it took four minutes and twenty
seconds and we were given a rake our
rink is called casual which kind of
sucks right no one wants to be casual
we're not here to be casual there was
this kind of this heating message given
to us like the side challenge what did
this side challenge say well it said
something like well done do you have
what it takes to crack the crate in
under three minutes I thought to myself
well I already challenged the burning
defeat of this challenge but there's
this side challenge okay I can do that
so refresh the page I answered all the
questions to unlock the locks
once I submitted it a new message
appeared to say good job do you have
what it takes to unlock the crate
another one okay I can try right I have
a process right now I was able to kind
alright let's go ahead and stretch out a
little bit let's click around as fast as
we can through web browsers developer
tools and I was able to submit an entry
in under five spur to me in under one
minute so then the message said to me
good job do you have what it takes to
unlock in another five seconds and
that's when I realized that this was no
longer just a challenge around
understanding developer tools it was a
challenge around or shooting a side
challenge right because we don't have to
do this but it was a challenge around
automation right can you actually
automate the process of your developer
tools
so I decided let's go ahead and do it
right so in order to automate this
process I use bash I also use this tool
called selenium selenium is this
framework I heard of in the background
essentially a way for you to kind of
automate testing within your browser
usually done by developers really great
for a lot of scenarios right attacking
maybe one scenario so I was able to
unlock nine out of the ten lakhs
using this method which was great right
the problem is what was that well it
turned out this lock was an image it was
actually a picture of the eight digit
numeric code and my script was grabbing
out text right I was prepping pretty
stuff and cutting through things and I
couldn't do that with what I had in
order to figure that out
I found the tool it was called tesseract
tender act is an open source text
recognition engine it essentially allows
[Music]
so I incorporated it into my script at
that point I was good to go I was able
to actually unlock all 10lakhs with
automation rather than having to go
manually through each developer tool or
assuming
developer tools manually for each lock
ultimately I was able to solve the
objective and about one and a half
seconds which I was very proud of okay
enough about the travelers about the
objectives or whatever then we went
through what were some of their
challenges
well let's think about it one of the
most rewarding challenges I say to learn
something for example look I had not
used one before my first is something
that I'm very familiar with as a product
but I never used it before however in
the holiday high challenge only one
actually died in the long run queries
can they learn what this actual tool
actually does there was also another
tool that I found really interesting was
called JQ I had never used JQ before
essentially I had this uh yeah trip
notes I had this tool cool take you so
basically it's a way if you have a bunch
of JSON Jake you can help you parse that
it essentially think of it as said akka
and grep all at once I mean it's awesome
so now I have JSON data I'm resorting to
JQ because I learned it from this
holiday hack challenging ok let's talk
about recording real quick recording is
something that we never really think
about but it's something that we know we
have to do it's something that's very
common
right up for a challenge at CTF a puzzle
whatever it is we need to have some type
of report on it right Badgers we need to
explain what we did right the problem is
a lot of times when we're going through
all these challenges we figure out a
problem and then we go to the next one
because we're like hell yeah but if you
go back to that first one and you don't
have good enough notes you're gonna not
know how you actually solved it right
you're gonna come back to me like right
through a board you're like I forgot
number one that was weeks ago what do I
actually have to do so take good notes
right make sure you actually document
what it took in order for you to do it
that way you can replicate your steps
but in order to you know for this
holiday hack challenge you don't have to
submit a report a lot of people didn't
there's there's numbers around that you
don't have to but if this is something
you want to do in order to win you know
subscription and net Wars or have an
opportunity for Santorini here's what I
did not that I want but I guess that was
close
all reports are gonna look different
there's there's people that even wrote
mercy even made youtube videos of their
explanation of each for mine it was just
a PDF document I had about a hundred and
eighty pages total since I had so much
content so many objectives I put it all
on a table of
that way you know if you wanted to jump
to objective seven or objective ten you
can just click there I included as much
output if I could in order for the
reader to understand what they're
looking right or what they're looking at
right so if the question will said you
know do this the answer was do that I
try to document that and actually put
that in my write-up
I certainly put screenshots in the
write-up that way it helps again the
reader to understand kind of where they
are if they're lost or they're just
reading a bunch of text they can't read
look at it a picture to better
understand so for my write-up ultimately
oh I did so we start off with those math
berry raspberry pie terminals I sold all
of those I had the the main objectives
the create challenges I solved all of
those as well and then there's all of
these like mini challenges
so the create in under five seconds is a
mini challenge you don't have to do but
for me I submitted that and I guess I
got honorable mention or whatever so
that was pretty cool
there's also one around this holiday
packed room which is like the Oregon
Trail they have difficulties on easy
medium and hard I wrote about that kind
of documented what it took in order to
defeat each and every one but I mean
this is just something that I did for my
report I mean you don't have to do it
there's so many people that did
different things but this was just my
way to do it in alright alright so to
throughout this up this was just my
experience with the holiday hack
challenge of 2019 I mean I had done it
in previous years but I never home
whatever but this was the first time I
actually just sat down and attempted it
and I'm really glad I did because I
tried to explain all the things that I
learned right like Cory says the very
beginning of the day I mean we don't
want to learn right this is why we do
things like this and I learned a lot I
mean hopefully there's stuff on here
that you don't know because this is an
opportunity to learn wide variety of
different challenges right offensive
defensive high difficulty low difficulty
things that we don't see every day
has anyone been keeping it before maybe
maybe not but this is your opportunity
to do that a lot of fun so I was lucky
enough to have time to complete this but
if you want to enforce that this took a
lot of time I'm not trying to say that
it took 10 hours or whatever it took a
little bit more than 10 hours but I did
not you know I was lucky enough that I
actually visited my parents over the
holidays of my wife and kid and you know
they go to bed early because they're
littler they're old or whatever and I
was able to work on the challenges then
so
clock hacked away a little bit later
than I should and then figured out in
the morning but I mean we're all busy
people I get that and one thing I want
to say a wise man once told me way back
in the day that I mean if you think
you're busy just know that between the
hours of 11:00 p.m. and 4:00 a.m. pretty
quiet so if you don't think you're
having any time to do something just
know that maybe early in the morning you
can do something but drop it up join the
spec you see slack in there it's a great
channel CTS specifically is been very
active lately a lot of people just
trying to learn new things and a lot of
people that you can actually bounce
ideas off of regardless of what channel
you're in but at the bottom is the right
up to my right here's the link to my
ride up if you want to read it I saw
there I go in a lot more depth on on
each and every topic so hopefully you
can check that out if you want to but
but that's about it if you want a later
I'll be here
[Music]
[Applause]