so besides I throw the social train
capture flag FB sides and I've done so
for the last three years last year ban
she wanted me to circles as a lead-up to
promote the convention this is the
second year we did it so this year we
decided to get really really crazy and
we did six puzzles it's the 60 or
b-sides whole point is to encourage new
learning and techniques the game this
year adapted as people solved or
whatever complaints they posted that on
to Twitter due to a Twitter bot a couple
of things we have all the puzzles if
they were solved to hold a story and tie
it into the SEC TF and CTF because this
year we combine the SEC TF conceit EF
together as cctf people could go social
engineered Blue Team Red Team people or
team up and it got really really dirty
so we teamed up with 6 6 6 zip code town
records out of Topeka it's a record
label it's been around for quite a few
years they opened up in 1999 all other
artists have been around the world
opened up raves huge festivals all sorts
of crazy stuff so we're like hey you
guys are nuts let's team up with you
make some puzzles so this is the first
puzzle that's all you got you have to
solve it if you have the balls to scan
the QR code all of them were benign
because my lawyers sit around and say no
only benign [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] inside your QR codes
scan a QR code took you to 666 records
com where you could download the first
audio track the first audio track
simulated some listening stations you're
too young in the 80s and everything
there was listening stations were spies
got numbers it codes out via shortwave
radio you turn it I used to live in
Germany so as a kid you'd hear stuff
people now stuff like counting out
numbers it was a code all these numbers
correlated to DTMF tones and if you put
it into a foam face it translated to
hello world and that was what you have
to do for the first answer once you
figured out what the first year be size
was it was 2009 it was salt on April
first and was launched in April first
all these puzzles I had to do on the
road both
and working with the artist as well as
drawing everything everything of these
puzzles hand-drawn so we're going to
make that artwork available to everyone
later on this is number two all these
you can go to 66 records com or on the
pc sites website and we'll have some
other stuff later to this was done by a
guy who studying on her karl-heinz
Stockhausen it was a fractal map to MIDI
and audio so you actually get to hear a
fractal the sheet music was released
because we call [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we thought it
was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] weird guy released the sheet
music for us so it's out there what was
actually in there is mp3 files have
slack space so we want you to encourage
messing around in forensics this puzzles
never solved so here it is inside the
slack space was asked 85 encoded message
if you don't know what I asked 85 is you
might go way back and look into it and
actually have fun with it a lot of
malware is adapting to it now and using
it which is fun so this was what came
about you just had to solve it and
retweet it out final answer was the
address of the first b-sides minus 20
which equals 6 which later on if you
solve the many layers of the puzzles the
other puzzles and it tied into it ok
well out of reach of these gives me out
today no don't all right so this is the
third puzzle and why I'm not giving you
guys absolutely all the answers here
tonight no one else has seen a tailless
but I want you guys to go out and play
with these because there's a lot more in
these than just this and at the ending
it really wasn't the ending so we have
something else if you have the time to
go out and play so this is number 3
again if you're drawing all this artwork
on a plane or an airport you get a lot
of weird looks so puzzle three was
Morris code which really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a lot of
people up in this day and age a solution
was pretty easy was the name of date of
the guy who created Morse code no one
solved this there was a tone in the
background one of the instruments that
was actually Morris
if you listen to it it stood out more
than the others but again Morse code is
it that widely known so we try to
encourage people to take into stuff that
they may not be exposed to that's what
all these puzzles are about so this is
puzzle for again on an airplane it gets
weird when you're drawing the stuff a
lot of these things have each puzzle has
seven layers in addition with the answer
that you can play through and solve
puzzle solve for was actually solved by
Brian here which he is already gone but
Brian was the only one that solved it
embedded inside the actual audio file
was images and what you had to use is a
piece of software called sonic
visualizer which is available for Linux
OS 10 PC everything the puzzle hint in
the picture was asking 85 again and it's
spelled out the word sonic visualizer if
you download sonic visualizer and load
the audio file into it what you do is
you open up the spectrum analyzer plug
in and sweep through the file you then
we'll find text inside of the sine waves
and the spectrum and the waveform of the
audio file so in there we embedded a
question how many people pre-registered
through eventbrite in 2013 4p sites las
vegas 404 people but again you can
actually see something inside a spectrum
of the actual wav file this is puzzle 5
you notice less and less things become
evident and some of these pictures and
there's less than us clues we have to
dial them down because we are keeping
track by using the layer system of how
far people were getting and we want to
make these accessible so we dialed it
back five again Morse code spelled out
please download sonic visualizer and
apply to the music file when you open it
up it asked you to retweet to squirrels
on barrel on hex code cve 2015 which was
the besides 2015 slogan hex this was
actually solved a couple days before the
conference but again we're trying to
introduce you to things that you may not
be a
or play with or have an opportunity to
at work or in your daily lives so a lot
of people had problem tax code which is
weird and we want to get it out there as
well as Morse code we found out that
Morse code was really a stumbling block
so this is last one this is number six
if you notice it's not quite the ending
so if you guys want to play through
these I'd encourage it and do some more
also we've had an interesting incident I
don't know if you saw Chris Nickerson
speech at Circle City con or I besides
India African what is his last talked go
ahead and watch that and the problem
that he's been having with the stopper
we put the stalkers name at the puzzle
so have fun because we don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
and if they want to come around again
we'll gladly oblige but this had a lot
of extra stuff in here and this one
again was the sonic visualizer because
we start dialing down and down and down
because we wanted you guys to play when
and have fun so it was really freaky
when people start finding words letters
and the images inside of the actual wave
forms of the audio and there's some
other plugins and software out there
that will help you I'd actually
encourage you to go at the sands reading
room there's three papers in the sands
reading room that will help you through
all of these so we added layers into one
gauge how people were doing to add
additional information and to kind of
see how things are going we we're about
ready to launch something that allows
people to facilitate captial flags and
other things and we tested that by and
some other things in with this game some
of these were never solved so that's why
tonight you guys got a head start go out
and start messing with them tweet out
the answer is go have fun just mess with
it there's all sorts of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hidden in
these puzzles when loss comes up to you
and shakes his head you know you're on
to something so we've had an outpouring
for the artwork and everything else will
get that out to you guys for free and
available somehow that highlights images
and things we do have some surprise
that's coming
down the road because we're going to
wrap up everything six is not the end if
you guys want to continue playing it's
still on that's the secret that no one
soft the b-sides so you guys should go
out have some fun and see where else you
can you take this so with that we're
going to go and tip the demo gods here
and tonight I'm going to teach you guys
how to forge stuff but we're not going
to forge just anything because you know
it's boring I want to show you guys had
a forge a federal ID badge and what not
only that we're going to print one out
right here right now so we're going to
get really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dirty and i'm going
to show you guys so when you guys leave
here you'll be able to do this exact
same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for free if not next to
nothing also please take this back to
where you work tomorrow we go hey we
should probably reevaluate the badge
policy because we're fart so everything
I learned from honey badger today there
is no disclaimer because it's just we're
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we're going on deep deep deep
dirty everything here you're going to
see now don't do it I had a percent
guarantee if you do this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that we're
about to do now without lawyer or help
or legal assistance men and black will
come get you it's not fun so I don't
have time to talk about myself if you
want to come up and talk to me
afterwards I work for la res and I run
spoils the barrel which does world
championship of social engineering over
here so any measure doesn't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
it takes what he wants and that's what
you need to do when you get into red
teaming and social engineering
especially when it comes to badges
badges are the number one thing that's
going to get you in everywhere that was
the theme for b-sides this year if you
play the SEC TF and the CTF Shitler the
badges in fact we use this batch printer
here if you came up to the table saw me
working the first date besides ran out
of badges we were printing the
additional badges for b-sides on this
printer so it's pretty fun a desert get
you in everywhere the funny thing about
badges is no one's really
expert no one looks closely to the
details and that's in your favor so you
can do whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you want that
tape whether the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you want just like
honey badger so this is a thermal
printer that we're going to demo and
this is how it works basically you're
taking an image from a computer puts it
on a transfer Phil rolls it over and at
the same time there is a second ribbon
that goes underneath the cym cakes cyan
yellow magenta and black which layer up
all four layers to form your colors sits
underneath so when that image goes
across that transfer film and sits on
top of the thermal ribbon there's a
printhead that's actually heated up and
fuses that image directly to the card so
it's not ancient it's actually fused to
the card so you can't scratch it up a
scrape it off or do anything this is
what the real badge printers you see for
like guards businesses and big
installations use it's the same
technique this is also st. printer
techniques that are used to make
driver's licenses so if you get into
this stuff they might background check
you or you might get some interesting
phone calls to make sure that you're not
printing ID badges and driver's licenses
for 16 year old kids these printers are
ridiculously expensive if anyone's ever
going to have to look at a batch printer
they're just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] expensive the
reason why they only make maybe 60 or 70
of these a year the manufacturer does
because it's not worth it to them
meanwhile everyone else in the big
industry that does inkjet printing and
everything they crank out huge numbers
of both print cartridges and printers
the only reason why security printers
are so expensive the card printers
there's not a high demand for them and
they only make a small number every year
especially if you break one you're
totally screwed in some instances so you
want to get a printer cheap this is how
you do it go tall off a business or
Gopal at CDW call
the action manufacturer asked for demo
mumbles you can get up to eighty percent
off on a demo or open box model to get
return to CDW or other big box stores
and other things also go into a business
that does these like keiko and ask them
hey can I have your showroom model I
know you've had a lot of miles on it but
you know I'll take it I'll redress it
and be done you can walk out of showing
our models for under 300 bucks if you
want to also educational discount if you
know a student or teacher whatever you
can get educational discounts which are
awesome not only for hard work but for
software whatever you want to do this
even cheaper isn't free go to your hotel
business office that's the best free
printing service you'll ever find around
town because some some higher-end hotels
here in town the people making the
business offices are very very very
helpful because they want to make sure
that you as a guest are thoroughly taken
care of so using a hotel business office
if you're traveling doing red team or
pen testing engagements you always have
access to one of those go down there
print out a badge put it on top of a
plastic card or even [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a credit card
and these badge holders on over there on
the side I like the badge holders with
the things on the side so they can't see
the edges in Atlanta so no one can
really see from a distance that it's a
piece of paper in front of a card it's
also good to hide some the defects and
details from afar and these personalized
ones that are around your neck like this
you don't have to have rhinestones it
discourages security guards from getting
into your personal space to grab that to
verify so if you want to go even cheaper
than free go to local print shop and as
for print free samples because you have
a client that wants to do something and
you're just not sure you need to take an
example to him to show them so you can
make the same local print shops will
help you out there for free when it down
keep it simple stupid you'd be surprised
of how little work you have to do it up
badge to actually fool people people
aren't looking that close at it they're
not little
the microscope they're just seeing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
from afar and from about the distance of
me to terrorists usually like oh he's
got a badge he's cool just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] let
him in or if you're tailgating they
don't really care look they're like oh
he's got a bad job it's okay if you walk
behind me it doesn't beat because he's
got a batch so keep it simple stupid
because you would be surprised how easy
it is the most important thing with this
process if you're going to have a forge
badges is oh sit you've heard me yell
about this all the time beat it into if
you do pen testing anything Red Team
social engineering this is your first
step you have to do this you have to do
the research why I'll show you here in a
second because if you don't do it you're
going to fail but you also find some
really cool [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so enough talk let's go
break [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] let's go prints and badges
let's go print met some felonies here
tonight so the great thing about this is
we reduce motion so it's like huh we
need someone Kansas City big business
that's around you guys so I didn't want
to do CenturyLink to cause some
headaches so I decided let's do a
federal agency USDA is here in town
let's go for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] balls out broke
tonight so if you put in USDA an ID
badge in Google holy shitsnacks do you
find a lot of stuff you should not
including Oh badge templates the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
badge templates online now USDA is not
unique you should probably go out
tomorrow or tonight and Google your own
companies you'd be very surprised so
very very big ecommerce businesses out
there you might want to google them and
see what comes up pick anything from
like fox news on down it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
amazing what's out there just by
googling the badge template I mean
seriously everything right there that's
the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] template to make the badge
to get in to a federal agency in this
case the USDA kind of a problem so
without further ado we're going to
attempt the demo gods and we're going to
print [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
correct me if I'm wrong but tomorrow is
your first day at work at the USDA sir
yes okay just checking making sure your
legal so Photoshop if you guys want to
hint or our tip if you want photoshop
for free the full on it dealt rated
version legally couple years back don't
be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up and made photoshop cs2
available with the serials out there
they just left it I said hey you can
download it so the entire creative suite
version 2 from adobe's you can download
for free just google it look it up
serials everything they're legit so what
I use here that's why I use on the road
it doesn't matter it does everything you
need to forge everything from passports
on down to driver's licenses so we got
the template we just filled some stuff
in and we're going to make sure it
prints out and this thing's kind of
fussy because it kicked out quite a few
badges for b-sides and we're going to go
over and if you come over here dressed
we'll get you a prize out of the candy
machine here and right now it's printing
light what it does it takes a little bit
time because right now it's doing cyan
yellow right now you can see it's yellow
magenta and black butt prints each of
the four colors and then it puts an
overlay on which I'm not doing Holograms
because I don't want to get trouble as
much and the picture we took just quite
literally in the back of the room a few
minutes ago there you go through your
we're good yes so short of this actually
I mean obviously there's not an actual
chip in here but I'm guessing you go out
you can buy blanks that have chips are
pretty simple off eBay or something like
that at the syringe it I'm guessing this
would probably get me past first level
security oops oops oops I'm sorry I'm
having problems here's my badge I'm
legit thanks a lot I'm in a hurry i'm
late to a meeting right yeah so you can
print out like i said it's not a hundred
percent but doesn't need to be for what
we're doing you saw in just a few
minutes we just did we had a template i
was in the back of the room to picture
him through his ass in template filled
out a couple things we printed it so
when under five minutes we're going into
a federal institution or agency because
I can guarantee they're not going to
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it and check the chip the chip
doesn't do anything for entry and if you
really need to set it off to another
level there is a group of individuals
that produce free software out there for
cell phones that mimics sound
environments that you might be able to
use to do a hid beep on a door so you
might want to do some deep web searching
on that but again couple things to note
with this picture is when you take a
picture make sure it is not sexy make
sure it is not good-looking make sure it
is not well photographed one thing I
like to do in the filter section is just
give it a little gauzy a blue and then I
like to add some noise to it and why
that is if you see his image it's not a
hundred percent it's a little fuzzy it's
a little blurry it's little speckled
because that's what those cameras are
like at work look at your badges they
suck because they use these cheap
piece-of-crap cameras they take your
picture and they just spit it out so do
not do a high-res high detailed nice
looking picture the worse the picture
so again a couple seconds to search on
Google look for ID badge employee ID
badge badge employee badge and the
company name do that tonight when you
get home and you'll find some amazing
stuff that you're just going to just
your jaw I guarantee will drop on the
ground so when you guys are doing this
stuff for pen testing or anything else
keep it simple take a picture of the
badge recreate an even with Photoshop or
something simpler give me a chopper oh
whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you want but keep it
simple and you can readily print these
out on just a printer or if you're going
to go for one of these patch printers
there's a lot of ways to get them cheap
and easier you can even go in with the
USB stick to some of these showroom
floors and go I have some samples i want
to get printed and we've done that a
couple times before jobs and things just
to see if things will work but you can
go into Lake a showroom floor with a USB
stick and ask them to print some samples
for you and boom you're done go break
into places when you go back to your
businesses and offices tomorrow
reevaluate your batch policy now what I
mean by that is how many points of
identification do you have on a badge if
you look at this thing there is all
sorts of crap all over it it does help
to identify certain levels but
immediately I don't care from the
distance between me and jurist I can't
really tell simplify your badges and
also take into considerations your
environment as well so the simpler to
make them the better they are to be
accepted by employees and they're easier
they are to be identified by employees
also make sure that your guards are
checking the badges physically because
I've got into some places that I cannot
mention that you would never believe if
I did that I said hey I got there with a
piece of paper I print it off at the
hotel business office so have your
guards if there is ever a question grab
the physical
and inspect it and also have your guards
start pulling people out everyone smile
pull them aside randomly have checks go
hey can I see your badge does it work
the other thing to do is have guard
stations when you have your HIV scanners
and your guards monitoring everyone
coming in the morning give them a pop-up
screen and software so that when someone
scans the badge the hid reader or the
rfid reader whatever you're using the
employees picture comes up that is
pivotal to guards that will work better
than any man trap or any kind of doodad
out there or security gimmick if a guard
can see when a person scans the badge
and sees their picture matches the face
in the system as well you're golden and
you've got a security guard that's
actually doing what they're supposed to
but most importantly make sure you're
talking to all your employees even
though we're all in infosec I can
guarantee a lot of big infoset companies
we've actually tested and they failed
constantly educate your employees on
badges the patch use how they're stored
in everything and even if it's not part
of your annual review or training as
infosec put it in there because if not
people like me or you're in cycling your
business and you don't want me going
through your cube at night it's not
pleasant because we have fun any
questions dealer anyone always ask and
I'll be around it's always come out I'll