to have him and he's gonna talk about
car hacking tonight I'm sure we'll drive
home with a better stronger sense of
security after listening to this let's
welcome Grayson yes looks like we got
the ice so by the way if anybody even
know ice is an acronym for an internal
combustion engine so that's how this
came from so anyhow this is an intro
talk if you guys remember we had the
colored badges before I think greetin
was level one this is gonna be a level
one talk here so hopefully this will get
your feet wet I've talked a lot of
people and I've been kind of getting
them into this over the past couple of
years and people are kind of wondering
how to get started this is a little bit
intimidating at first to get started in
this stuff so that's that's what this
talk kind of left of my goal is to cover
hope to go over some things some
pitfalls I ran into and at the end
definitely ask any questions you can
catch up with me and I brought some of
my some of my tools and some of my
adapters and stuff here I'm gonna lay
them out friends so you all can take a
look at and see things that I got so
yeah basically this talk is about
you know Carnegie so anyhow there are a
lot of different atop the tag vectors
when it comes to car hacking what is car
happening I mean that's a pretty broad
scope of things I mean the most basic
level one could just be any basic mods
like some people in order to get a
better response from their engine could
put
a resistor in line with their throttle
body input so that way they could like
make a more rich fuel mixture I mean the
harbor mod scheme can go crazy from
basic to crazy but those are more of
like mechanical and basic electrical
modifications the your car stereo you
have an entertainment system the info
system all of that there's a that's a
whole broad area as we've seen from
talks in the past the telematics unit
that's going to be a new fun area and
that's kind of at the the forefront of
everybody's focused right now because if
you can access these cargo motely now we
want to jump in to the other parts of
the car from there and then there's the
the network and bus communications so
all these cars are so high-tech now
there's so many microcontrollers and
computers and in this car that they all
have to communicate and that's really my
focus for tonight it's going to be the
network and bus communications so there
are a lot of different interfaces on the
cars the legacy interfaces of yesteryear
probably from about 1996 through about
2006 those are like the the keyword
protocol 2000 was more recent one for
that nerds of p1 PWM the VFW the ISO
protocols and those were what we need to
first came out there's obd one interface
which first came out when cars needed to
have better emission standards and we
started seeing fuel injectors for the
first time and catalytic converters and
the o2 sensors and uh a weenie one said
that you have
system but every manufacturer had their
own obd2 came out and they said okay
yeah the standardized everybody has to
have there's a protocol and the protocol
needs to give this kind of information
if you send this requests but they
didn't specify electrically how that
worked so they have the same plug but
they have like several different
wireline protocols that went on that
same plug and then finally outside of
the those interfaces there there's
Bluetooth and Wi-Fi that you can talk to
the telematics unit or the entertainment
system of your car that leaves a whole
new area of focus as well but in either
modern adaptation obd2 and 2008 mandated
that we had a standard protocol and that
would be the can protocol that is more
common and ubiquitous that everybody
Susan finally they standardize actual
wire line protocol that everybody is
using and pretty much any car
manufactured since 2008 up until
recently you can plug in with a can
interface and talk to it with the same
interface is gonna work with almost
every car and now they folks started to
emerge paths out there some it's
superseded these protocols a little bit
there's a anfd which is a new higher
data rate because now there's so much
data go on across these networks they've
had to figure out a way to make a
backwards backwards compatible protocol
with can but also a little more data
through the wire there's automotive
Ethernet which is
cool thing a friend of Mines car is a
BMW and it's all automotive Ethernet you
plug into that thing with the automotive
Ethernet adapter and you just pulled the
HDP and gives you an IP and I mean
that's pretty simple right that is I
don't know exactly what standard that I
believe it's still compliant but I don't
know the specifics of that and then
there's a wind interface a win as the
it's a very short-range very small
device count Network that's used for
like it might use just inside your car
door and that'll go between a car door
control module and say the mirror the
windows the blinker light in the mirror
all these things is going to go over
another network bus that's it's just
like a subnet so the kid bus is what
we're here to talk about today because
this is the you may notice thing that we
could do a lot of interesting things
with that how the can bus we're gonna
find something common on every car that
we go into to interface with a can bus
and that's this thing right here
anybody can you tell me what this is
called
all right campus iron obd2 anything else
yes it's a connect a legate er
okay I'm looking for the DLC for the
data link connector yes this is a j1 962
so the j1 1962's I say he standard that
specifies his connector but the DLC is
really property and everybody calls to
the obd2 interface there's two types
there's a type A and type B no one's
ever going to use a type beat but just
kind of keep your eye out if you see the
one that's blue on the front as type B
is for 24 volt systems the car side is
female the connector site that you're
going to deal whether it's a male
it's a 16 pen interface it's always
going to be accessible from the driver
seat of your car so no it's Jenna you
should sit down to the driver seat you
can reach this thing you can find it all
you got news the shield just feel around
it's going to be right underneath the
steering wheel probably sometimes they
have a cover over it now what's
interesting is that not all of the buses
on your car are going to be on this
interface only one of them is mandated
different manufacturers will actually
put leather buses on this on this
interface so here's a look at the
connector here this is a we have a
female connector pins 1 through 16 on
here
when they're 8 on the top 9 through 16
on the bottom the higher numbers are on
the side with the nub their bins 4 &amp; 5
are the ground pin 16 is going to be
plus 12 and it's going to be active all
the time so those are the only standard
wires on this interface for the most
part like I said from the 2008 model
year around now pretty much all cards
are going to have pins 6 and 14 with the
actual can interface on it and this is
the cables that you're going to get at
the interfaces you're going to wire to
are going to use these two lines here
now other cars and other interfaces do
use different ends on T on the connector
typically 4 and 16 or competes for the
can so remember the old verticals I was
talking about before the the first
original led to verticals those will use
lines like this right here 2 and 10 are
going to be PWM tens and actually just
two is the vp w vp w doesn't use a
differential so let me go back here real
quick there's a can hi in cantaloupe and
what that is the cam it's actually a
differential interface so what it does
is signals across both the wires at the
same time instead of like a TTL signal
where you're going to have like you're
going to reference a signal to ground
these are going to reference against
each other so the can high is going to
go high
side while the line goes low on the low
side and that's also with these BWM
lines do it's also a differential
interface the VP no you isn't and that a
uses only a single wire in reference to
ground the kwp mm the the keyword
protocol that's another one of the older
ones it's also differential they have
the K line and then a line K line and
you've been K line so yes this is an IRC
joke I heard a couple chuckles so that
was good there's a so obviously
different manufacturers can elaborate on
these connectors you can see here what
GM is doing they put all ton of
connectors or a whole the whole ton of
muscles on there line so you can see the
can line the kwp the pwm line they also
have a leading speed can bus on their
interface as well as a low speed can bus
which is probably going to be more like
when four does a little differently
here's their been out on four they've
only got it's pretty simple it's a power
ground to high speed can buses the
regular interface and the second one
they call a high speed campus - so the
next question is however I'm going to
hook up to this and that's with our can
bus adapters so there are a ton to
choose from I've got a bunch listed here
the contact is one that I like I know
Eric the designer of it it's pretty cool
let's open our hardware it's not too
terribly expensive
it has jumpers on there so if you get
the wrong type of obd2 cable you can
actually change the jumpers on so and
it's also flashable as an STM
microcontroller on it the the pro
it comes with pre-loaded on it as it's
like a steer a standard serial interface
and by using that you can actually use
it on Windows and Mac OS machines but
you can actually flash it and have a
native camp bus driver that works on
Linux which is what I like about it
because then you can use some of the
canned tools that we'll talk about here
later the Panda is another cool
interface that's by conahey guys they're
self-driving car company they've
open-source a lot of their stuff
although I'm kind of mad at them right
now because there's a bounty on the
model car that I had to upload some data
on some of the self-driving parameters
and they just pulled that bounty after
food yeah yeah in their defense
Ford did just announced that they're not
gonna make cars anymore so they're going
to make a trucks and SUVs only and I
guess the Mustang so are they still
whereas a matter of broody major problem
with the self-driving ugh so you can
actually send on the Ford you can send
drive-by-wire commands to the steering
wheel now steering is hardly but they
have a link keeping assist mode on there
but Lane Keeping Assist shuts off after
10 seconds so ok kind of makes it hard
to have a self-driving car with that
there's a value km 3 and I think it's
they're just trying to be either on it
was 695 dollars but I guess you get it
free can interfaces so pretty good yeah
I think it works only on your windows
and only one of their they're very very
cheap or figure software there are do we
know shields these are pretty cool smart
phone makes one seat studio makes one
and if you want you can just get an any
basic SPI can interface I make these
little modules are like 10 bucks it's
basically that all of these things have
the same thing in them there are a few
actual can interface modules microchip
is the most popular one and all it does
is spit it out to SPI so then it's going
to go to another microcontroller that's
going to convert it to USB or Wi-Fi or
whatever that protected module you're
going to use but you can actually give
these first units 10 bucks just takes a
little bit more effort to wire them up
and then there's a home wired and
wireless modules these are super common
on eBay if you see like a wireless obd2
adapter that's pretty much what this is
going to be it's going to offer like a
Bluetooth serial link you're going to
hook it up to your Android phones it's
going to emulate a serial port and it's
going to talk to that Helen 3 to 7
protocol so but those are pretty cheap
they work okay but you can't get full
support under that
offensive target system otherwise it
does work pretty good with standard
diagnostic tools so the protocol is that
these adapters talk there's L three to
seven I just spoke about like I said
it's mostly Windows the loss of protocol
is going to be used for socket cam it's
going to be a little bit more comment
this is the default that a lot of these
interfaces talk then there's a GS USB
interface this is going to be a native
driver basic as soon as you plug this
into the Linux device it's going to show
up you're gonna have a new interface
show up under difficulty and you're
gonna see your can zero and their face
on there and then there's the J 2534 SAE
standard and that's basically all for
all your windows diagnostic tools and
stuff there's a lot of tuner tools and
stuff so it's not to be like I'm not
talking down upon a by any means it's
just a kind of a different target of
world we're gonna be doing so once you
get your interface typically you know
most of these are going to be just like
a box you're gonna have to get your
cable to these don't worry they're only
ten bucks they're pretty much universal
and yeah just go for Oh buddy new to
cable on Amazon eBay whatever you want
will find it for 10 bucks I promise you
so you heard after you have your cable
there probably some other accessories
that you're going to want to get but
these are going to make life a little
bit easier for you and help you with
your debugging first of all there's a
splitter cable these
you can probably get over 10 to 20 bucks
I like this one here because it's got
all 16 pins connected you'll see it's
pretty common that like if you think
about it that connector that way you're
looking on before that's got a db9 on it
there's 16 pins on the obd2 port so
obviously a good a number of these pins
are not connected so if you're lucky
making it something other than the the
canned interface if not well then you're
kind of out of luck you'll have to get a
new cable and build your own but with
something like this also since it's a
ribbon cable you can split them apart
maybe do a little bit a hacker you with
that if you need to the cable man that I
mentioned before is just kind of
something and I put together on my own
and this is something I haven't seen
anyone else talking about so this is my
original work that I bring to the table
so there are a bunch of different type
of connectors that you can get to and
what am I thinking like plugs and stuff
to kind of hook up to other devices on
the bus so the obd2 interface or that
DLC interface it's going to be the only
standardized connector that we're going
to deal with once you get out from there
like if you're going to want to plug in
directly to your lane keeping assist
camera that's gonna have its own plug
that you're having that'd mean you'll be
able to find that anywhere unless you go
to a junkyard and cut it out of an old
car so you're not going to want to take
these connectors apart trying to build
your own you're going to want to
unobtrusively connect into these wires
and that's what this cable kit here does
so first is this the piercer the piercer
is this cool little job I hopefully this
picture is kinda descriptive you can
kind of see
what you do is you pull back on the
little grey tab there and a little metal
needle will stick out there and then you
can actually be here send you a wire
here so what all it does is kind of go
through the insulation it's kind of like
the vampire town on the old rt-11
network cables whatever they're called
so once you remove it it doesn't
actually damage the cable very much
it'll still be like a very tiny pinprick
in it and it's good to tape it up for
best practice but if it's like inside
your car inside the firewall it probably
doesn't matter too much but this is good
at under intrusive way to kind of tap
into a cable another thing really handy
that I got is a back Pro Kit and what
this is has a whole bunch of very tiny
Winer connectors that kind of looks like
this and what it does is allowing you to
kind of with the connector intact kind
of go in behind it and then that make
contact with the connector on the inside
of it here's a picture of it in action
so this way you don't have to dismantle
anything you don't have to worry about
damaging the wires or anything like that
and it also helps you not have to work
back in the wire and trace your wires
out of that make sure you get the right
ones you're going directly into the pins
so you know exactly which picture
connecting to and then finally there's
this really cool tool I don't know if
anybody has ever played around with
are you going to die for that sorry
so yes exactly this is the same type of
connector ease and alignment and set and
the part that I'm most fascinated that
day even as the single spike it's kind
of like that piercer I showed you in the
other but the bed of nails is really
cool if you guys if you've never used
this I absolutely recommend getting
these connectors and playing around with
it but the bed of nails has a whole
bunch of little tiny little needles on
it and it'll pierce through the wire
make contact and this is a great way to
make a temporary connection it's good
for data you can actually you know talk
on the canvas with this it's really cool
and you can buy the connectors
individual you don't to go to if you
want to go to the teenager who's stolen
from a telephone trailer or something
like that and buy it from them so so
once you have your connection it's you
can go ahead I think it's time for us to
hook up our interface and start
receiving and sending data so first step
was we're going to connect the device
and this is where I had a problem when I
first got mine I had a problem with my
with my can interface and it wasn't
working it's kind of pulling my hair out
didn't know what I was doing wrong so
and obviously there the different
interfaces are gonna have their their
nuances and stuff but basically whenever
you first connect this is like I said
before I use the contact works for me
and on the contact there are a couple of
LEDs there's a green and red LED
whenever you first plug it into your
machine will light up solid like that
until you bring the interface up once
you bring the interface up and it makes
the connection will go out and then
you'll see a green light
a little green like that might like so
you see a kind of flickering value here
this is what you'll see if you're
actually plug into the DLC connector for
the DLC I'm sorry LC connectors kind of
redundant but you'll actually see that
flicker and that's actually indicating
receive data on the canvas whenever you
transmit you'll have a random linking
life to the transmit data if you have no
lights at all then it says you're
probably not connected the interface may
not be working as well as so another
problem I had whatever getting started
was not knowing what the baud rate was
so if you have a market those code I
highly recommend getting one of these
they're pretty cheap and buy them by
using a pocket otoscope you can actually
configure out the baud rate of a signal
point across the wire that will save you
a lot of time trying to reconfigure an
interface and choose a baud rate on it
so if you actually if you look on here
the whole yellow line is the time for
division so it's showing five
microseconds per division began actually
the division lines are too light here's
how those two white lines but they're
hard to see but if you actually look at
them wave the wave form on here and look
at the holes the pulse can help you
determine the battery so the formula for
Barry is basically one over time which
is your time slot obviously if something
doesn't line up exactly with the number
of divisions on your own
you'll have to have to get cement go
from there but so like if we're the only
have two microseconds which is what the
pulse I have in this description one
over two microseconds is equal to
500,000 or 500,000 codes per second so
this is a good way to kind of verify the
baud rates and save a little bit of same
of you for yourself so yeah yeah you can
look it up actually I had a lot of
difficulty with that I went and I looked
I'm white
you know what's the battery for campus
on forward and I didn't find much it
turns out 500,000 is pretty standard
everywhere and the reason I have Bronx
with Bari is because of my interface
just didn't plain-old it more so once I
got that figured out lastic for yeah
500,000 is our finder cave is pretty
much standard there are some other
you'll see other references the ice
pecans medium speed so it really depends
on which bus you're connecting to so now
that we're connected we need to actually
bring the interface up and basically so
the can interface if you're using it the
way I'm doing it and it shows up as a
native Kanda my city just used a regular
IP route to tools to bring up your
interface and configure it so I'm
dealing set up kins
0s specify the type which is can and
then a bit early and then there's a
another thing that you want to do with
the one I'm using in the queue length by
default is 10 so you'll actually get
buffer overruns and stuff if you're
sending and receiving too much traffic
so if you say your queue length to 1000
that's a good general workaround
and then we can see here that the the
link is up and now we can start working
with it this is a regular network device
so we can actually use Wireshark
as well as the other Kin Kin tools and
this will work
so so here is a this is a thousand that
we're going to see from can dump this is
actual can dump data here so uh the can
protocol has a couple of parts to it
this so we can see here the dock the
first column is a can zero that's the
interface that I came in across so if
you actually can have multiple
interfaces kind of connected to all your
different camp buses and I receive all
this data the second column here the
three-digit link is arbitration ID where
RMIT we call and it is a the maximum is
seven F 0 0 0 through 7 FM so it's not
quite 24 bits its I guess it just be 23
bits in length so they're in the
brackets it's the length of the data
these are all hate byte data but there
is a longer protocol called hi so can it
actually allows longer links and then
behind this is actually the payload
itself so this is what our cam traffic
looks like so if you want actually send
data we'll use can send and Kansan is
for sending like individual packets so
the way it works is can send you only
the interface and then you'll send a
payload a packet and the payload packet
is composed of the harbor ID and the
pound sign and then the payload
afterwards and this is an exaction
example right here of a camp packet
that'll a lock the doors at least on my
car so that's why I don't have anything
where I was hooked up to my hand
interface without what you all would
want my car doors
so so there are a ton of candy tools out
with tons of tools there's camp player
can sniffer can't sniffers kind of like
top it'll actually list like the most
common traffic that you're getting
across these except filters and stuff to
a other than doing it live kind of not
really sure how to kind of show you guys
can top our camp I will show you the
traffic is assorted like that but
basically you'll use all these tools and
you said like basically you'll take the
can dump data if you can divide the file
and send like portions over the time
like my methods were like finding
commands and stuff there and I'm like
Dora unlock c'mon guys are really easy
that's a good one to start with anybody
can do this and you'll hit like you
start your can dump hit the unlock
button then you stop you can't down and
then you can play back this file divide
it in half if it repeats an operation
then then you found the R by D in that
section if not you haven't then just go
to the other half and just keep going
from there and there's a question up
front using wireshark earlier there's
Wireshark decode
yes there is a actually a what what do
they call those that like a filter for
decoding can now it doesn't actually do
anything it's not gonna tell you like
what the art IDs are all its gonna do is
format it in a proper like with our
right what's an art ID what's ISO can
portion whether or not and then the
payload it's not going to tell you like
what the payloads actually do and that's
a good question so you get a fuzzy dice
[Applause]
so the key tools are really cool there
are a lot of them just kind of play with
they have another good tool to use is
carrying caribou it's kind of like an in
map of the camp bus stuff and basically
once you have a handle on reading the
camp data and playing backhand data and
you can see that it's really freaky
whenever you do like to play back if
you're just capturing everything you
play back everything all your lights and
stuff will go crazy your car can be off
in the key off at least my model and
your air conditioning will turn on so
it's it's amazing all these things are
sitting on the wire and listening all
the time regardless of the engine state
so there are a lot of systems on your
car that you can talk to and and these
are the water actually listen to the
different varieties so one thing that
I'm particularly curious about the plane
look right now is the lane-keeping
assist and Link even work and if you're
not familiar with this what it does on
your car it will actually have a camera
up front and some of them will also
interact with the radar sensor up front
of the car and it's basically using a
computer vision to look and figure out
where the lanes are it's kind
for like center line markers outer line
markers and that's going to try to keep
you within that Lane and in conjunction
with measuring the distance of the car
in front of you and looking at where
you're at the angle of your steering
wheel and this kind of thing is going to
try to guide you because you're going
out of lanes or if you have guidance
turned off and may just alert you like
my car and will vibrate the steering
wheel and tell you is really be drifting
out of the lane so what's cool about
this so with active Lane Keeping Assist
which is available in so many models of
cars it will actually send data to the
steering wheel control module which will
apply to order to the steering and
obviously there's room for shenanigans
here there's a room for actually doing
cool stuff with your car like if you
want to have a drive for you but like I
said my car there's after 10 seconds and
locks out the steering wheel module
offers the 10 seconds of continuous
input so that may even require a deeper
hack that was actually modifying the
firmware there which is way above my
level but I think someday we'll get
there so you can see here with this
diagram that the large number of
different systems that were
interconnected to so the idea may if
that's the vexing eternal mirror
assembly that's actually where the
cameras hooked up on this car the camera
actually does all the calculation
with innocence the data over the campus
but it talks to all these different
mantras the body control module the
steering control steering column control
module there's a gateway module on here
because they're multiple buses on the
car this is all taking place on I
speaking to bus the instrument cluster
is on high-speed campus three on my car
I am was pretty much all cars gonna have
this game would be module and I
mentioned this before and all my car the
gateway modules directly on the DL C so
the DLC exposed this as you hopefully
you guys can see here but the main hand
bus I speak and one connects through
that's the main can interface everybody
talks to high-speed can best to is also
passed through I speak can't breathe is
it on and everything here as well as a
medium speak and bus
I have gonna have to go through the
gateway module the gateway module just
think of it like a router then it's
gonna route certain types of traffic
from one bus to the other so along with
this there's there's so many
opportunities to explore obviously like
the different modules there are a few
modules that will actually span multiple
buses so disconcertingly enough the
entertainment modules one alone
on multiple and buses so the so there's
a lot of room for exploration here I'm
highly recommend looking at like the
factory service manuals it'll do a good
job of outlining exactly which modules
are connected to which and buses and
kinda give you an idea like my system
the high-speed camp 3 there's not a lot
of interesting stuff on there there's a
serum of control Mach or the the
steering wheels on cam 2 which is
exposed out of the PLC which makes it a
lot easier to work on cam 3 is an
instrument cluster module and a few
other boring things so I'm not too
yeah so there's gonna be a lot of trial
and error so the heart my keys there is
a little bit of method to it typically
in general the more the art ideas say
the 0 and 100 series are going to be
more important devices so it's going to
be like your engine control module thing
like that the 300s on my series of car
are going to be some other trim options
so like my door functions are in the 300
series the 700 series is VDS EDS is the
universal Diagnostics that's going to be
things like your your in health obd2
scanner you can scanner that uses UDS in
DDS has certain standardized things for
service some of these values are
documented but it's not there's like no
universal format out there is no
universal wiki unfortunately it takes a
lot of speed longing and this time to go
get the data so there are a few projects
and they kind of work on stuff or has it
actually the project called I think it's
open xev or something like that and they
actually had an open interface so you
can connect to the canvas and control
certain functions of your car but they
have a very small set of I think 27 ways
you can interact with it and they were
very closed off about other stuff so it
would seem like a nice idea but once
you've got to do a little bit you
realize that no they're just trying to
make something for people who
manufacture accessories and not really
help out people like us akima hey i has
also done a lot of work on their
self-driving platform and they have a
standardized file format as well and
there's some day down there on that but
again it's another ad hoc project and
there's no single place that you can get
so some references here awake open
garage thought of work is great this is
run by Frank Smith who was the guy who
write the car hackers camp hood which in
a highly random man battery service
manuals are awesome you can see wiring
diagrams from your car I mean that's
it's worth its weight in gold so
children's are good and all but but it's
hard to be the factory service manuals
for most brands carrying Caribous that
didn't map like tool what it's talking
about this is really good for fuzzing
and rolling through a series of data on
like specific are babies or specific
range of art my keys this is a really
good way to trigger certain types of
activity for example if you know your
doors on 300 range or you know the
actual art ideas on you can roll through
and you know watch for activity on there
and then the Miller and valasek paper
remote exploitation of home
I'm altered passenger vehicle this is a
great read that's very in-depth and they
talk about they're pretty famous back
from a couple of years ago so and then I
want to give it a quick shout out to
some people here got great Smith hood
over garages that's the author of the
book I talk about Eric and chick he
wrote the or you make see a can't act
it's pretty cool guy he's got a couple
of did another pretty awesome recent
hack on denial-of-service of vital
messages over the can bus power hacking
village is great fun not only have they
been at Def Con but they're at so many
cons now adays and if you don't make it
to death on put you make it to another
problem with them I highly recommend
checking him out talking to the dc25 or
any village CTF to you Dre host on pol
XB c w9 zoom equipped we have a channel
on psyche Cieslak our hacky it's not too
terribly active but cool stuff comes
across it so i recommend everybody join
if you're interested in this stuff and
Charlie Miller and Chris Val say they
did think the presentation makes it look
pretty chill but they actually when you
read into the stuff and what they
thought it took a lot of work a lot of
time and they really did pave the way
for a lot of us that's the end of what I
have
[Applause]
there are some questions from the
audience
and then anybody who doesn't want to ask
questions can also we need never be
after and I will show anyone s questions
once you come on up here so we can give
the mic so everybody can hear your
questions and then if you want to ask
question to private later and I'm going
to pull out my bag of connectors and
adapters in South Africa routier check
one there's a mic up here so a poem have
you been able to save your settings or
anything that you have been able to save
into your settings or anything that
you've added to your vehicle no I have
it and actually that's kind of a
different area so programming is a thing
I didn't talk about and that's something
I don't know a lot about programming I
think typically you'll access kind of
like when you do the UDS services when
you're asking for like the status of
like the engine controls are not going
to stop them
but typically in there they have set a
ways to save settings for your vehicle
but I believe those are manufactured
independent and usually there's
third-party software like for scan
befores and like I'm pretty sure every
major manufacturer gonna have some
software other than get to change some
of the settings but but no for things
that I do typically so uh I think well
one thing I kind of glossed over that's
important is though the ginn bus
whenever it sends data it's like sending
a command and that command is for right
now so whenever that command is no
longer received by the unit it's gonna
stop doing it so if they receive
something and think okay I'm gonna lie
this for like you know X 30 milliseconds
so if I send like a door unlock man
that's gonna keep pulling the unlock
button as long as it's receiving that
command I'll stream that data house but
as soon as I stop sending that demand
all right other questions come on up
here together questions for the crowd
there's a microphone next question sound
if I question about the negotiation of
the communications on the bus okay is
there a possibility of collisions I mean
when you're talking about just doing a
packet capture is it work more like a
switch Network or a hop or that's a
really good question I don't know all
the details of this it's kind of like I
believe it's like a csma/ca type network
I believe so this is a bus network
everybody sits on the bus
there's termination on the bus at two
ends I think it's a hundred and seventy
over peoples network and but yes
basically since the chips and everything
patrol a little of the layer one layer -
I don't know exactly how this portion
works but it does automatically detect
collisions and then backs off and it
will do retries there's actually like an
acknowledgement capability as well I'm
not sure if this even that happens on
cars but yeah there is some mechanism
for for detecting and handling
collisions and the best answer I can
give is for the most part it just worked
I would assume like the lower the arc
number you said the more critical
processes and would also assume as far
as that negotiation goes that those
would probably get higher firewood as
well I believe so so I'll bet there's
probably part of the back-off algorithm
is time base and it's probably going to
be like a shorter time base for the
higher priority all right ease but yeah
yeah that's excellent question I don't
know a lot but there should be good
resource rescrew they will explain that
I have two questions actually okay
firstly is there any way to best walk
out anyone from remotely accessing my
car say okay well is there anything that
you'd actually recommend for knowing
okay
so that's kind of a loaded question it
depends on you know more the vintage of
your car is how how exactly your
mechanism works or what do you mean by
walk down I assume you mean ignition
well yeah so more door locks a
technician locks for vehicles
so for door locks just keep that bus not
exposed to the outside where somebody
can get to it and trigger it because I I
mean
I would say approaches like a hacker and
like you Pierce carry your own system
what for the weaknesses and those so
I'll give a brief example a long time
ago I said a four pound LCD and a salad
officer died with my friends and got a
little drunk and a lot of keys in the
trunk so what I do and my car had a door
eject button inside the club box so I'm
get to that but it only works when the
ignitions on this so that way the
thief's don't break in but obviously
that button is right there in the glove
box you can pop that out I was able to
hotwire that to the cigarette lighter
plug and pop the trunk open so obviously
if you can get to give physical access
you can unlock the car so that'd be the
first step is to protect that but as far
as other things you know I mean there's
not much you can do to protect like be a
remote keyless entry that's like a whole
different class of problems right there
so second question can we hack your car
absolutely go for it although I no
longer not warranty garbage so
don't break the firmware but no process
but yeah we can yeah if anybody ever
wants to work around on my car if like
you have a car that's too little and
then I began bus yeah meet up with me
I'm always up for a key and no other
questions so like I said I'll be down
here I'll I'll pull out my bag of
connectors and the batteries and stuff
that people can look out Oh break
someone one more question by the way
man that's my talk to a while thank