Alis and some of the ads take up more
bandwidth than the entire page load I've
I'm waiting for the page to be
responsive from the JavaScript because
it's still trying to load this ad from
their slow server uh I loaded a page and
all of a sudden it starts playing a song
or some random British guy talking at
100 DB I don't really care I just want
to look at the page and worse is when
the ads pop up like we're an ad
supporting website if you would like to
read the thing that you clicked here to
maybe find out if you care about it
you're going to have to click through
these 14 ads so I set out to get rid of
that uh why did I care about DNS um well
we know host files and they're not cool
cuz I have more than one computer at
home I have devices that are trying to
connect I got people that come over I
don't want them wasting my bandwidth on
ads uh I don't want them dealing with it
on their device and you know I got save
that bandwidth for really what matters
SOC
videos or maybe the
dojo because if there's one thing that
Ken uh why did I care about free Wi-Fi
well I'm on Google Fiber and for those
it so I mean clearly I'm not using my g
mar um also you know if I'm getting out
free Wi-Fi I don't want people to be
hopping over to my network you know I do
not keep the default router settings but
I do know people that come to these
meetings come to my house so I want to
make it a little bit more secure um and
then there's my neighbors every day I
look at my lovely router that stood up
that says free fiber unsecure
and I get all of their Mac addresses I
know their names I've never met them
because Tina's phone Terry's phone
John Frank's
iPad they're the great people that are
trying to use my bandwidth for free it's
fine so instead what I do is I ride them
through tour you know give him a little
bit of the nice stuff also I'm an exit
node so okay helping people out in Egypt
and so the process it started with uh me
wanting to throw my computer out the
video what's
that I wouldn't know uh somebody told me
that there's this uh website that's
supported by all of the TV companies
called something like free TV video
online I don't know but uh it apparently
has no ads it's kind of nice
but one of the nice things you find a
starter host file it blocks malware
sites blocks shock sites blocks ads and
the shock sites is really important uh
because somebody mentioned previously
MADD MC Fetti happens to be in the
audience today and when he saw this host
file he said you know what octopus girl
that can be a shock site immediately
puts that into his browser and realizes
that people shove
places he decided to sites probably
needed to be on
there um so I tried buying nine cuz it's
supposed to be the de facto standard for
DNS
servers and it's got multiple files the
configuration you got to put it at least
in two files there's going to be a lot
of different stuff uh then I found DNS
mask and instead of spending hours
trying to find the documentation I spent
minutes getting it set up and ready to
go so simple to convert from a hooks
file to a DS mask file and it's even got
DCP server that is off by default but
that is Handy for the Wix
set so a little bit more about DNS real
quick um according to neotis DNS traffic
is the majority of web
traffic and so you're constantly
reaching out and pinging and trying to
figure out what this website is hosted
at today where DNS mask is a caching
server so if anybody on your network
needs to know that this guy's going to
interrupt
me I a surprise right you had no idea
this was going to
happen and and on the plus side as I am
a non ala H I brought a designated
shooter
with wait was thatty and that was the
so I mean every local computer has its
own settings for DNS cash and if you
kind of watch like if you're in Chrome
you can go to net utilities DNS and
you'll see how often it just clears
itself well this keeps it local so the
one time somebody goes you're good um
majority of your traffic is the same
websites so why spend time and bandwidth
going to
8888 all the time for the same
results and and so there's also the top
500 websites that you guys might be
familiar with so you can use DNS mask if
you wanted to whitelist things and you
know all kinds of fun stuff with DNS you
know like messing with your friends and
your guests that come and they like to
Myspace so the Raspberry Pi set up I
need it I wanted an Ethernet portter so
I didn't go with the model A went with
the model B+ and 2 days later they came
2 but it was $25 for the B+ at Micro
Center versus $70 for a kid I needed a
power supply they had for five
bucks just a generic Android phone power
supply works just fine micr SB cards I
spent $8 to get a 16 GB M Micro Center
from their house brand uh a Wi-Fi
dbo is decent one is only 20 bucks on
Amazon if you buy the kit it comes with
a little mini Wi-Fi adapter and if
you're planing to be an access point
it's not really going to help you out so
went with something that's going to be
good give me plenty of range from my
whole house and it's just going to cost
me my time because I don't need the case
box I actually just rolled up some stuff
in made little pegs stuck it in the Box
got an xacto knife and cut out only the
ports that I'm currently using works
perfect and I I didn't plan it the first
day I turned off the lights after I put
it inside the box I put the little red
LED on the corner of the box that
actually has the raspberry eye so now I
press and so my goals obviously screw
the Cal's pigs that pay my
salary um I I understand that things are
supported by buy ads I get it everything
costs money you can ask me for a couple
bucks I would rather pay a couple bucks
for a website I use or an app that I use
instead of pop off ads shaking ads
sounding ads ads that pop up in the
middle of me trying to click on
something ads that pop up because I
clicked on
something and you know cat videos are
really important all right I don't need
to know about your other channels of
your other cat
videos unless it's about bacon but you
know that's fine one of my other goals
was an easy install so after you set up
your Raspberry Pi I wanted to be able to
one script and you're
done because I know people and I don't
want to support them um I did want to
allow DNS leakage from tour like I said
I'm already in exit node but um I might
as well if I'm forcing all of my guest
users through T I might as well block
the ads there so somebody else doesn't
have to pick up their band with slack um
and above all the queries so DNS mask
pretty easy to set up that way if you
guys use slunk or gra or whatever you
choose to query your sis loog with it
already outputs is there and I'll go
into a little bit more detail about what
itly logs
later so time for the quotes uh no um
that little middle finger to AT&amp;T is
another fun story that has nothing to do
with octopus girl uh Linux admin friend
of mine was trying to set up this on his
home network that he went ahead and paid
for the AT&amp;T rental on that lovely modem
slash router that they provide and they
assume that you were going to R AT&amp;T
Erse and they force you to use their DNS
so if you use AT&amp;T you are screwed uh
you cannot configure your router to use
this type of DNS unless you have an
extra router behind it I do for you
because SC
AT&amp;T so the preparation is pretty much
same as every pie I've got it set up for
rasbian which is one of the popular ones
then you need to log into your router
give it a static
IP give it a static IP I had one person
ask me why it wasn't working when he
gave it a dynamic IP yeah if you can't
find it later then you have to set that
IP to your primary DNS and then 8 that
888 which for those of you that don't
know it's Google fre DNS that you can
use unless you're in Brazil where it
gets hacked a couple times a year
then you got to plug in your Wi-Fi dble
and get back onto your piie preferably
with SSH because why do you need to set
up and monitor and keyboard just for
your
piie okay the code it's very very hard
I've got three things I've got just DNS
there's two
commands get the file run the
file if you just want to set up for
Wi-Fi get the file run the
file why not both get the file run the
file
and you can do this in a state so if you
want dingess see how it goes then do the
Wi-Fi see how it goes or vice versa
that's
fine why
not so what does it do uh the first
thing we're going to do on the DNS mask
install script is update and upgrade the
current system I do not trust any of you
so I am not doing a live demo because I
Wi-Fi also it takes some time and if all
of you are for some crazy reason
actually on the Wi-Fi here then it's
going to be
clogged going take me a half hour just
to do an update and upgrade I do have
that as a fors so when you run the
script it doesn't even ask you to
confirm it's just going to do it for you
uh the same thing happens for the DNS
utils and DNS mask install then it
creates a weekly Prest to reach out grab
the blockless pull it down parse through
using a BL of said commands and change
that 127.0.0.1
into 0.0.0.0 so you do not have to set
up a local web server to try to pain
constantly the 0.0.0.0 just
automatically says oh there's nothing
done so again it saves you a little bit
more time then it immediately runs that
contest and will ask you politely if you
so the Wi-Fi one it's a little bit nicer
I decided to be nice to tell people what
was going on it tells you it's doing a
thing then it does it it updates and
upgrades again it installs host APD
which is a fairly simple access point
application and grabs DNS mask because
it's Standalone you may not already have
it it configures your WL zero to have a
static IP and it saves the IP tables
which I hear IP tables are a pain for
some people
so this does it automatically then it
offers the ability to set an SSID which
it checks to make sure you don't exceed
the 32 character limit and if you don't
want to pick one you know AT&amp;T Wi-Fi
will get somebody to hop on at some
point so it equ calls right there AT&amp;T
Wii then it configures host ad as the
access point and more so next it reaches
out it grabs tour It configures Tour it
sets up for logging
and then it abl for to start a boot then
it routes the traffic Sands the DNS
queries in the tour so it'll first
check ping the DNS of whatever's
configured so if you don't have DNS
already installed with the first strip
it'll just go to whatever your default
is it'll H your local DNS and then it'll
go and take that and Route it through
tour then again it saves those IP tables
so you don't have to think about it and
it has to restart some Services uh d s
MK is pretty easy you configure it on a
fly it loads everything into memory and
then you restart it to tell it to
refresh that configuration
file and again you're not required to do
these together because there's a
configuration
directory very handy when you need to
configure multiple things but didn't
read the documentation right the first
time so the both script well
um yeah did those both
and so now you've forgotten those two
commands already you didn't take out
your camera phone to take 50 million
pictures so what do you do I created a
repository that's completely open it has
a read me file that has those exact same
instructions on it
GI no it's on bit
bucket cuz I have a bit bucket
account it's so easy even your Linux
it's so easy even developers can do
it it it so easy maybe your help that no
no could do it there's Ted there he's
looking out he's like hey they told me
to run these commands is format C the
right
one now now if your cat is like that one
down in the corner take that show on the
road don't even ask me about the
script and and elen admin was the one
okay so the logs lots of logs as soon as
there's a request that comes through it
says so and so as IP requested this
particular address then it will tell you
did we already have it cash I
immediately told them what it was if not
server and then it tells you what the
response was so if the response comes
back as these four different servers uh
this one random 86 server it tells you
all of that right in the logs and
contrary to all the walkthroughs that
box
yes unlike your local router probably
does so that was one of the nice things
I was going through well how am I'm
going to update this to IPv6 because uh
that developer that tried to install it
he is also on Google Fiber and
apparently they have a secondary DMS
hidden for
IPv6 so he had to disable IPv6 on his
regular computer so it would force it
over to the raspberry
5 just one of many gotchas that I don't
care
about all right so Lessons Learned uh
buying 9 will hurt your head trying to
decipher their
documentation all kinds of pains with
buying 9 I
mean it says oh it's simple it's easy
all you do is turn it on and then you
configure this rpz note then you have to
add another line in the main file then
you have to create five lines in that
rpz file that tells the point to your
original rpz and that's way too much
processing compared to DNS mask DNS mask
I say here's a host file get rid of
everything that
starts with the pound sign because it's
comment remove all 127.0.0.1
replace it with the formatting address
equals SL name of the server 0.0.0.0
done oh and delete any random Windows
parage returns and things like that
that's also in
there uh as I mentioned before use the
configuration folder instead of the main
file for DNS
Max as you know I did the first one
pretty easy simple hack and then I
decided to do the Tour Part and realized
I was going to have to reconfigure my
weekly Cron job just to add an extra
line to the end of the file so I went
back and I fixed that it's much nicer uh
the crown weekly folder this presents uh
prevents your user from having to hop in
and do any manual coding because in your
batch script you can't natively edit the
exact CR task process that you want
because it forces human inry so instead
you can just use the crme weekly folder
you need to test it uh test it and then
bring in John
C and that bottom picture is just for
him to go ahead and divide by
zero that is the guy that I call when I
need to make sure it won't
break everybody needs that guy it's the
tester that was like I don't know what
happened I hit control
7429 enter and it did this why would you
do that didn't tell me I
couldn't I was following the
instructions on
did you do step three well I did step
two what step are you on now four did
four now you know why it had to be one
single thing because one file and one
step after you've configured your
network otherwise that guy is going to
find a way he's going to break it and
it's going to suck cuz he's going to ask
you
questions I did find that any file can
be grabbed from
bucket uh it actually has a simple
format you just have to have the user
the repo then you use raw and you can
pick the branch so if you decided that
you want to go off on a special Branch
name and get the file that totally works
right
there I did find that out the hard wve
when I set it up to the current revision
file in the Raw
section and I kept trying to do an
update and wondering why I was getting
nothing so I was just wasting
downloading and reapplying the exact
same bi every
week so that one's a little important
work and there we go so right up there
at the top is where you can go on bit
bucket to grab
this and all of you were awesome for
listening and laughing occasionally at
a