hey how you doing I've been playing with
this new tool about Wi-Fi for hacking
WPA and wpa2 with it so I'm fairly new
to it so yeah so basically Wi-Fi can be
ran either by apply or asian it's
automated
right now is scanning to see any
and well why find others is with the WPA
captures trying to capture the handshake
with with Wi-Fi you can also anonymize
okay
but like I say you know with no Wi-Fi
you can automate your own your MAC
address and you can also attack access
you can also think one attacks according
to uh ^ rock bass I'm interrupting
you don't know so you want to designate
a volunteer yeah I'm a designated
volunteer that's why as you guys may
know that wibbels traditionary site
Casey first time you have to speak you
either have to take a shot Oreo that
doesn't make me shot to somebody else in
the crowd
so our speaker has elected while waiting
for our handshake here thank you for our
about to go ahead and interrupt this I
just got word that I can hear up to
someone's up couple Wi-Fi so with Wi-Fi
Wi-Fi this arm is on written in Python
and it uses the aircrack-ng suite so
it's like wrapped around it so it does
use a lot of the functionality of
aircrack-ng and s as well as some
right now I'm a not advising my back
address and I'm attacking a network with
can you trust not a bit I don't know
ain't messing with them it does show you
how many clients are attacked and it is
I stopped monitoring right now and
and right now as you're listening on
Stanford's Network you try to see if you
yeah
this process is very time-consuming so
when I first started playing with it I
actually said it and went and played
chess and came back and said this thing
so
and every few seconds he keeps it gently
now packets to try to not be the visual
if you don't want to be here for five
years I go ahead probably one of the
easier
someone like Star Trek we've got
right now it's going to elicit open
attacks
right now what is doing this is waiting
for a packet captures or once they reach
a packet catherine's past a certain
point
like I said once for each other packet
capture past a certain point what it
well as you see this process can take a
so one attack was come completed but
there was no success why fight is a good
tool for a wildfire cracking and just
time to some minute you have to have a
has anybody has anybody not done
wireless cranking before all right what
guys smart up to a minute
yeah you can sit there Neath the waiting
waiting waiting all the sudden here come
all the important packets and then a
Internet's for everybody again so that's
trying it out live takes it take some
comfort so you uh did you have to use a
special wireless part to get that to go
and then laptop with it were today
you have wireless card another dozen of
the box yeah oh that's cool excellent